All I have to say is buy a case, use it with caution or get the warranty. I've watched two polaroids lenses shatter in the same week.
I LOVE IT! Very compact and adorable and the film is the perfect size !! The color is beautiful and it feels lovely and not awkward. I take it everywhere with me and I love the entire aesthetic of it all. Very good price and aaaaAaaaA I just love it so much !! 💕
Love it! And so does everyone else!!
My eight year old love this!
Loved it!!
I love love loooove this camera! It's the perfect size and takes great Polaroid photos. Definitely buy this if you haven't already!
My favorite Camera! I love how cute the polaroids are and how everyone falls in love with it. Packaged well and shipped on time.
the instructions are not complete so ill have to find more info online. The first pic came out black so i have no idea why it didn’t work and i am afraid to waste film.
I  ought this gift for my gf at the time. She loved it. The film is easy to refill. The functions are straight forward. Not Co fusing at all. One con I could think of is the space between the flash and the button.  I catch my finger to be blocking the flash. Overall it is a great camera.
Works great with my Instax Mini 8, will probably purchase in bulk again
Love this camera so much. Takes great pictures with great quality. Way better than expected. Easy to use and takes batteries that are also provided in the purchase!
Very happy with the fast shipment and great product! Highly recommend!
absolutely love this camera. the look of it is fun and the pictures that come out, are really pretty good quality. film isnt to expensive and my daughter loves this thing, she takes it everywhere she goes.
I can't say enough good stuff about my new Instax mini 8. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT so much! It is so easy to set up, use,and photo quality is excellent. This is the perfect camera for easy, playful shots and instant FUN!Did I mention that I LOVE IT?
It is a great camera, mostly suited for parties since they are so much fun to use, I've used them for a friend's 21st birthday and it was quite a blast. The only drawback is that you cannot "delete" hahaha. It is a film camera, so you are mostly stuck with what you get unless you have TONS of film to waste. However it was really fun to use! So when you use this camera, just make sure you look your best before snapping xD
Thank you!
I think this canera is easy to use and very cute.
I just got my camera maybe 20 minutes go. Shipping was great. The camera is perfect and it is so much fun! The photos develope nicely!
This camara is absolutely adorable! I love the color and how small it is. The pictures come out nicely too. The only thing I don't like it's that it doesn't focus very well when an object is close to the camara, also I don't use the settings provided bc they tend to make the photos come out too bright. I use one setting for all my differently lighting and it seems to work just fine! It is definely worth it.
I absolutely love my camera! It came in perfect condition and on time. I have honestly nothing bad to say about it. :)
Paid $74 and only getting back $62 :(
My daughter wanted this camera for Christmas, and she loves it.  It is like the vintage Polaroid instants.  The pictures are smaller than the vintage Polaroids.  It is a fun party size camera.  I would recommend a close up lens that you can buy separately for selfies, etc as the lens on this camera isn't designed for close up shots.
This camera is so much fun! I just discovered this not to long ago and man I have been missing out! I no longer have to wait for my memories to be printed! I'm having a blast! Also would make a perfect gift.
Pictures look just like old Polaroids. Easy to turn on and comes with batteries. The controls are very easy to understand.
Bought this for my 14 year old daughter for Christmas. She LOVES it and so does everyone else. She was defiantly the most popular at the Christmas party lol! Pictures come out very good and sharp, I love the color tones too.
This was a present for my sister and she loved it , it works great and I will start using it too :)
Having this camera around has caught many wonderful pictures. I really like it
disappointed it does not have the selfie mirror as shown in the photo, had to order an attachment which broke the lens
Just got camera and very impressed. Easy to use and love the pictures.
Daughter loved it, would order again.  Arrived just in time for Christmas.
Takes good pictures. Settings don't change like it supposed to. Stays on one setting is the only downfall
My Grandaughter loves this camera!  Just wish the film was cheaper as she goes through it quickly
This thing is awesome! I purchased this for my gf and she loves it. Nothing like having some good ole fashion polaroid pics
Wonderful product. My sister is definitely excited to have it! Thank you so much for the speedy delivery! I will definitely be buying from you again.
amazing
Didn't realize it didn't come with film. My fault though.
I wish it came with a few test pictures. I had to wait and order some rolls.Overall, the prints are super nice with the Fuji film instant.
Perfect!! Just what I wanted! I love this camera it's so cute and the the only reason I don't give it five stars is because the pictures aren't completely clear but they are pretty dang good!!
Amazing and beautiful
excellent camera - fun stuff!  fun for all ages
Soo disappointed to write that this doesn't even work. I inserted the batteries correctly, the film correctly. Switched to new batteries and a new film pack. It's like the camera is just dead. I was SO excited for this to come, very disappointed
I love this glad they came back in style.
I bought this camera for personal use and it is a lot of fun to use. It is definitely not going to give you National Geographic style photographs, but if you are looking for a fun camera to give you instant memories, then this camera is for you. It is easy to load with new photo sheets and it only takes a few minutes for the photo to turn out. You can turn the lighting option for the camera to your desired setting depending on your location and the camera is ready to use is a few seconds. Overall, the camera is a lot of fun to use and extremely easy to use.
not bad
My daughter LOVES this camera!
I've only had for a few weeks but I love this camera! I wish you could take more than 10 pics with one roll of film but i love this!!!
Love this! It works perfectly. I would totally recommend buying this camera.
Expensive film...
It's a good camera but it's really not worth the price Amazon sells it for but I love the camera
Love this camera. My son loves to get the picture right then and there.
ADORABLE  CAMERA!!!! RECOMEND.... i had no issues with the camera.... best price I could find. It will be something i will use along my day to day... film is small and a little pricey... credit card size, camera picture is true to color.
I was a little surprised that it did not come with film.
I love this little camera. Its small and you can carry it everywhere.
What a fun camera for 10 year old boy! He has been taking his pictures and loving the instant gratification!
Happy with the camera but the order was supposed to come with film and didnt. This was a Christmas gift and it can't even be used..
Great product!
Great product! Shipping was quick too!
Arrived on Tim for Christmas and my daughter loves it!
My 8 year old received this as a Christmas gift and loves going around taking pics of everything with her camera. Beautiful quality, seems user friendly, and who doesn't love a good old instant picture. Great gift for those preteen/tweens as well.
Excellent pictures!! Great quality. Fun for any age. Just snap and go!
Like the çamera, was for my 8 yr old daughter. II was in a rush when I ordered and assumed it had a memory slot - it doesn't- which is why I'm rating a 4. The film is expensive so the çamera should come with memory slot for the price.
I was disappointed that this did not come with film.  They could have included a small amount.
My wife loves it
This a great camera! Got it for my lady as a gift for the holidays and she loves it. Just be sure to buy film with it because it does not come with any (and it's not cheap)
Perfect
My 9 year old loves this. .just wish the film was a little cheaper
Makes a great gift! My daughter loves it.
the best thing I have ever bought
Got this for my daughters 11 bday.  She absolutely loves this.  Works great and is easy to use for an 11 yr old.
Takin it way back!! This camera is amazing! The quality of pics that come out of this are awesome!! Way better than expected! They are very small but so fun for the kids to be able to see there picture physically as soon as they snap it! Love it!!
Very satisfied and it is super cute! I have owned DSLRs and all kinds of camera but this is a great addition to my collection.
A gift for My Granddaughter who's 15 and been wanting one.This was the best deal I could find for it after searching for a time.Easy to use and a hit with Her.Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (Yellow)
love it!
13 year old loves it!
Great birthday present for my daughter!  Wish Polaroids were a little larger like the old Polaroids I remember, but she has fun with it for the price!
The camera was a gift for one of our kids. Our son really enjoys taking shots and having them print right away. The quality of the prints is only slightly better than the old Polaroid cameras in the 1970s. Still, the camera is both fun and practical. It also has a modern look that draws attention from people who see him use it.
It takes a bit of getting used to in the digital era, you can't edit or delete the pics kids!! It's so great for her to be able to have pictures of friends, pets, whatever... and hang them in her room. (Super cute accessory is chicken wire in a large frame with tiny clothes pins to hang the pics).
the films were small I had no idea but I'm still inlove! fujifilm came with the string to hold it and 2 batteries!
Bought 3 for 3 girls age 11-14 for Xmas, and they love it.  The 11 year old is especially fond of it, but all are using.  I am sure it will not supplant the iPhone cameras, but this is a different, and fun, option.
Takes good pictures and my granddaughter loves it. Only problem is the availability of the paper.  So far we have found it only online.
Love this camera, it takes great photos.
Arrived on time and as advertised.
My fourteen year old daughter received the camera as a gift. She loves it, and she uses it often.  The cost of the film is the only thing that prevents her from using it all the time.  Otherwise, it is durable and works well.
Product as advertised, great shipping time and great price
I LOVE MY INSTAX MINI 8 CAMERA SO MUCH I TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT!!!
What a great product for a gift! My daughter absolutely loved it! Really came in handy during our New Years Eve celebration.
Brings back the old polaroid memories..Very easy to use for the kids. Looks attractive and makes a great gift.  The viewfinder is too small and the picture quality can use an improvement though(kinda washed out in many photos).
I love this camera! We bought it to use for the Photo Booth at our wedding and it was such a hit. The only drawback is the film is a little expensive, but it's worth it and so much fun. Since the wedding I use it in my 4th grade classroom to take pictures of my students doing projects; and I hang the Polaroids around our classroom to make it more personal and show people visiting what we've been up to.
Love this! We've had so much fun playing with it and it's super sturdy for even the kiddos. Brings back memories!
NICE CAMERA FOR OUR GRAND DAUGHTER!
Bought as a gift. Teenage recipient liked it very much.
great product, easy to use, my 9 year old loves it
When I got the camera, the pictures I took were very blurry but I thought that I was just doing it wrong. I convinced my co workers to buy a couple and they did. When they brought them in to the office, all their photos were pretty and clear and cool looking. I was honestly jealous. I can't return it and I really really want a cute Polaroid camera.
Oh my! This is a GREAT gift. I love this camera. Its super easy to use. And pretty self explanatory. If you cant figure it out, or if you want some tips, I watched some YouTube videos and it helped alot! I recommend this camera to everyone who wants a polaroid.
I am addicted, was crushed when they stopped making Polaroids and now I am sooo happy. Film is pricey but totally worth it!
I love this ! It's so fun to have the picture in you hands!!
Awesome buy. Very chic camera. No complaints. Pictures are small but to me they're just right. You can stick it in your wallet,on the fridge,wherever. And the outcome of the pictures is superb. Lovely colors make it a plus.
I've had two Instax Mini 8 cameras, both pink, I lost the first one on a trip so I got me the same one again. Simply love it. The pics come out with this great vintage-looking-filter so you always look good on selfies.
perfect
Like a lot of users, I was looking to recreate the Polaroid experience with this camera. What I got was even better than my vintage Polaroids! I love the shape of the film, the look of the camera, and the resolution of the photos.
Great! Works just as it should! Image true to actual color!
Good fun gift for 8 year-old. Photos are fairly good quality. Fun activity, easy to operate. Film could get expensive, but there are sales sometime. Not much more than an activity; not sure it is for serious photojournalism, but may be good for school reports or fun projects. Photos are slightly smaller than trading card size. Seems to work quite well.
I love this camera it is easy to use, the only problem I have with it is lighting or more accurately what setting to use because some of my pictures come out too dark, other than that it is a good camera and I made a memory wall with all my pictures...I have no regrets
My daughter loves this camera. It is similar to the old Polaroids but the photos come out smaller and clearer. This camera is easy to use and comes in several fun colors. Be sure to buy the film with it. It is not digital.
Gave it as a gift.The coloring is pretty spot on as the picture.Only downside is that it didn't come with film (which I should have checked into), but other than that the product itself is pretty good :)
The item was delivered way before the estimated delivery date. It works and it's cute! I totally recommend it!!
Gift for Grandaughter, she loved it.
My granddaughter LOVED it! Although she asked for a 'Polaroid' after opening this gift she said that this was the one she had been looking at. I hit it all right! Color and brand. The reviews really helped me decide on this one instead of the Polaroid
It doesnt work as much as you expect it too, because it's wasted a lot of film. They just come out blank!
It's so easy to use and so adorable!!! I love this camera so much. My only worry is how expensive the film is but it's cheaper than Polaroid film.
So cute and adorable!! Love the color and pictures turn out great!!
Easy to learn and simple! Came with batteries, and instructions. Film was not included, but it was easy to purchase film.
Love love love it !! Gave it to my 13 year old sister for Christmas and she's in love. Super cute, perfectly taken care of, and i dont know who's happier, me or her!!
Gave this as a Christmas gift to at 16 year old girl. She loves taking pictures and really liked that she could have hard copy photos in the digital age.Pros:Overall, cool modern camera for taking Polaroids.Good variety of colorsCons:I wish there was more focusing abilityMaybe a little smaller and less clunkyBigger viewing window
The color displayed online is more of a pinkish, I just opened it and was very disappointed that it's more of a red/burnt orange. I'm returning it, not to mention I bought it a few days ago for $79 and now it's on sale for $69. That's not the reason I'm returning it, I just happened to see that when I filled out the return info. I hope I get all of my money back. I didn't even take it out of the plastic.
Camera looked ok. Not sure how the original one looks like, but the box this camera came in looks like it was maybe a refurbished camera or who knows. I've seen the box they come in but this box looked like a regular box with a sticker on top saying it was fujifilm instax mini 8. Waiting for my film to arrive so we'll see if it works.
It's so cute! Plus it came in only 3 days! It's in great condition, and I just love it! Definitely recommend buying it!
Love it. My daughter was so excited and spent the day being creative!! Thank you.
My daughter loves this little thing and the quality of the instant picture has come along way from when I had mine in the 80s. Great transaction.
This my very first Polaroid camera, I absolutely love it! it's soooo perfect, it's just everything I expected it to be! Also it arrived super fast and right before New Year's Eve, which is exactly what I wanted! I highly recommend this product it's freakin awesome!!
Came in on time from the expected arrival date :3 It's so cute and I would recommend anyone to buy this. Take note, //definitely// get a case for this to prevent it from getting scratched and/or destroyed :o
Takes dark photos, tested multiple settings on 2 rolls of film, wasted lots of great moments this Christmas and got dark prints in return.  None of the photos of the prints on the product page are accurate.  Manual says set to "High Key" for low light but all this setting does is wash out detail and create blown out bad photos.  Overall camera design is awkward and not intuitive to hold in your hands.  The button you click to take a photo is hard to press.  Basically every single thing about this camera is faulty.
Daughter loved it
So fun to use.
It works really well but your supposed to be able to push the flash thing but it does not work or but budge. Also your supposed switch lighting settings but does not work yes I know it turns automatically on but your also able to switch it by yourself but just stays the same
Love!!!
We bought this for our 15yr old daughter as a Christmas gift and she loves it.  She loves taking pictures with her digital camera, but the Instax Mini gives her something tangible instantly that she can share with her friends and team mates.
I've only had it for like 5 minutes but so far it's so rad. Definitely is mini.
Not the color pictured more of a maroon color. Pissed
Great camera very impressed with service
Great little camera! Purchased for my 11 year old but everyone wants one now! Takes pretty nice pictures!
I've never written a review before until now because that's how satisfied and happy Iam with my new camera!!! I was super excited when my package came which didn't take long at all to arrive (2 days). Packaging of the camera was perfect, there were no damages. When I opened the box it came with a pair of batteries, strap (hand strap, not long), 1 year warranty, instructions and a beautiful camera of course. Everything about this camera is truly amazing, I took a photo of my Christmas tree to test it out. The image didn't come out bad, you just can't see the tree lights. You just have to choose which settings fit your surroundings. I want to keep testing out the settings but as many know the film is somewhat pricey. But overall, the camera is great and would definitely recommend it!!!
Love this camera!
Love it! Cute, adorable and easy to store
This camera and film was  gift for my niece who loved it's ease of use and the fact that the photos develop before "her very eyes".  We received superfast shipping on this item.
Came just as promised and my daughter loves it!
Easy to use . Lightweight. Fun and cute pucs
works perfectly.
everything ok!
Very nostalgic
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my teen, and earned the "favorite present" rating this year!
excellent
SS loves it.
Cutest investment ever!
Great!
Fun camera!
to this amazing Polaroid.  Simple to set up and use.
Purchased for Christmas gift.  I am impressed with the quality of this camera and the photos are quite good.
So cute and perfect, the pictures  turn out really well and mini!
Santa brought this for my 8 year old daughter and she just loved it.  The pictures pop right out and it is reminiscent of the old polaroids we all played with in the past.  Not great picture quality but that is not what this is about.  I bought some accessories and scrapbooking materials that go with this model and my daughter loved using these materials as well.  She filled her scrapbook, made some picture ornaments, etc.  I was so surprised and pleased to see her entertain herself with something other than tv or video games!
Color is beautiful, 13-year old daughter is ecstatic! Highly recommend for the tween set!
I got this for my daughter for Christmas! She love it. My daughter is 10 and she was able to figure it out without my help. Film is expensive but the camera quality and pictures are great for an instant camera.
love it. easy to use and easy instructions
big hit this christmas
It's so adorable. I got it the day before Christmas just like it said & it's perfect! Thank you so much.
Very nice camera!  :o)
I absolutely love my fujifilm instax mini 8! It is great to take a picture and have a hard copy. It is small, so it is very portable. Also keep in mind that the pictures are credit card sized, and not big like the older Polaroid photos. I recommend getting the base with twin pack. It includes the camera and 20 pack of film for a better price.
This was the PERFECT holiday gift! The white is so nice -- I was nervous that it would get dirty quickly, but not at all!
It is super cool when the picture comes out, because you cant see the picture till a few minutes.
My 11 yr old daughter loves this camera and it is a cute idea. I do think it is overpriced considering you can't save the pictures digitally or anything.Easy to use. After the first couple uses though we are no longer able to select the setting (inside, sun, cloudy, etc). It's like it automatically picks no matter what we change it to.
Very cute. My daughter loves it
this camera is AMAZING!  I got it as a gift for my daughter and almost kept it myself!  This camera is so much fun.  all the cool accessories you can get with it, change the colors of the lens.  I would DEFINITELY recommend this for any girl that loves to take pictures.  It's even awesome outside taking scenery pictures.
Hands down love it thank you
Super cute! Takes great pictures. Fun little camera!!
Great product, and shipped quickly! Highly recommend buying.
EVERYONE loves these...  BUY IT!  and buy film and picture frames... can' say enough!  Keeps wife, guests, and teens, SUPER happy...
So far no problems! Just wish the film was cheaper!! Great product though and takes much better pictures than I thought it would. Thanks!! (:
Given as a gift for my daughter. First picture of each package is blank. Each picture is faded in the top left corner. Not what I would expect for the price.
This camera is amazing! brings back old memories and love that not all my pictures are on my phone
I love my mini Polaroid!
My 12 year old daughter's favorite Christmas present this year. Be aware: these photos are MUCH smaller than old instant photos. It is kind of cool, though, and the kids love it.
Bought this for my 10 year old for Christmas.  She screamed with excitement when she opened it.  Exactly as shown online.
I bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter, and she absolutely loves it. It is so easy to load, the pictures are clear and are a great size to make a collage out of.
This was a Christmas gift for my 11yo sister.  All of us older sisters played with it a lot more than her.  Definitely a favorite.
Absolutely flawless items and service! Easy to use. Wish the photos were a bit bigger but the quality was good.
Bought this for a 17 year old girl who had no clue how awesome Polaroids are. No filter needed and so much fun. Giant hit! Purchased an extra case of film and photo album to go along with it. Perfect gift for anyone over 10
Omg it was amazing great delivery came in,in two days I'm EXTREMLY satisfied
My daughter loves this camera!
Love the color and the size of the photos.
Such a cute camera to carry around !!It takes out great business card size pictures that takes about 10 minutes to fully appear - but slowly starts appearing after 2. The Fugifilm Instax mini is a fun camera to have, especially now when everyone is so used to taking pictures on their phones. Having the picture to print out instantly makes it exciting to get creative with it.
LOVE IT!  Works great!
Awesome little camera!
Excellent Product, Excellent Price, Shipped very quickly! WDBA! A+++
Wow this is a piece of junk!!I bought one for my teenage niece, she loves it. I bought one for myself - hate it. The quality is so poor - slightly better then the original Polaroid camera.I guess you really have to be under 20 to like this camera.
Bought this for my 12 and 7 year old nieces.  The girls were very happy!
I bought this for me, and I love it.  Very small picture but for me it's ok
Gift for my niece, she loved it!
Wonderful product.  My daughter loves it .
Awesome
My 11 year old loves this.  Works well right out of the box - easy to use.
Exactly How I Wanted It
What a fun camera! Bought for my 13 year old daughter and she has had tons of fun with it. Great gift for a teen!
This camera is pretty straightforward to operate and the photos develop like the ol' Kodak used to in the past. It's pretty fun and looks good too even indoors with less light. The viewfinder wasn't very accurate with showing what was actually in frame so you may need to play with framing at first to get the hang of it but overall it's a fun camera!
our picture are coming out white.
Perfect for parties. Love this camera!Be sure to choose the proper setting when taking pics so your photos don't get over exposed like ours did- see photo.I've used this for two parties for a make shift "photo booth" and now on vacation. Everyone loves it, it's super easy to use. The only downfall is how expensive film is :( either way, I'll pay it.Another idea we did- wrote Merry Christmas cards from Hawaii, snapped a photo, put it in the envelope and sent it to family. A cheap way of doing personalized family holiday pictures!
This camera is fun to use!
My grandchildren bought this for me for Christmas, it is a good on the go camera with good results.Takes a bit if getting used to & you don't get crystal clear pictures,what you do get are great Polaroids & lots of fun.
I love the Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Camera! I just got mine today. Make sure you buy film with the camera because it does not come with it. I couldn't be happier with this product!
This item didn't come with instructions in English. Also, the photo makes you think that film come with the camera and it does not.
This camera is Honestly Great! The ONLY down side is at night when its pitch black and Bright in the day it's a 50/50 chance it'll turn out at All:/ as long as you're Not facing the sun when you take the pic you're okk! Which I didn't know when I attempted to retake a pic like 3 times and they Didn't turn out at All. Besides that the pics are Very rustic and Great:)
Great camera! Very nice quality pics! My daughter loves it!
On time, the camera is perfect !
Happy with camera.
Every single photo we took from an expensive $20 fujifilm roll was either over or under exposed and completely useless.We had high hopes but no matter what setting we choose or what lighting we had the camera failed miserably and now we cannot recapture 20 Christmas morning memories.What a shame. We will try Polaroid next or any other brand
Came in good time and great shape. Looks exactly like the picture. I will tell you it is very cheap looking, most people think I have a child's play camera but what do you expect when you're buying a yellow polaroid? Great product, I love it!
I absolutely love this camera. I'm going to Orlando Florida, Guatemala, and Canada this year and really want to capture those moments and I've recently used it for Thanksgiving and Christmas so it is a really nice small gift to my family!
Cute mondern redition on the old instant camera. Pricey, and figure about a $1 per picture, but something different.
Christmas gift for 10 year old daughter, who wanted a camera. I thought she and her friends would enjoy seeing their photos come right out. Even the grown ups were intrigued. It's been a hit. Hopefully she won't go overboard on taking photos since the film runs around 75 cents to $1 per photo.
Awesome!
This is an adorable, affordable buy. I would pay extra, if you could choose which pictures I could print.
My granddaughter loves this camera! It brought back memories of the old polaroid instant camera which we still have. The film is somewhat expensive and the finished photos are very small.
Bought this for my 13 yr old,  she absolutely loves it! Was a great gift.
Little larger then we expect other wise great.Haven't use yet will post another review later
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas...the idea was great but wasted a whole pack of film trying to get it to work.  Would only print out every other pic and then it put two photos together.  Gonna return asap. Very disappointed!!!
My 13 year old daughter loves this
My granddaughter loved this camera.  Best gift.  Love it
Very compact and works great so far!!  The film is a little pricey, though.  Less room for mistakes...
Cute little camera but wish the films were bigger.
Daughter absolutely loves it.  Shipping time was awesome.
My first Polaroid camera ever so I didn't know what to expect. It was super easy to use and super cute. The picture quality is not the best but I'm assuming is typical for a Polaroid. I do love having them instantly though. Absolutely love it.
Love it !
All instructions are in Chinese and does not come w the film and when we bought the film it does not work
Ruined Christmas.  The camera does not work.
The box of this product says it includes film for 10 pictures. Ours did not. What a disappointment for our daughter who got this on Christmas Day and couldn't take any pictures. Very upsetting. Santa would have bought film had he known.
This doesn't take pictures that you can actually make out!  Blurry and dark!!
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday gift.  She absolutely loves it.  Takes great pictures and a fun way to create memories for a scrapbook.  Only downside is the film is a little pricey.
Nice looking camera, Bit heavy but nothing too bad. Does not come with film so if you are going to buy it, Buy film with it. Also the instructions do not come in English, Which is very annoying. Aside from that, It was worth buying.
DID NOT LIKE THE PHOTOS HAD TO RETURN IT
very good camera . It works well and looks great .
Bought this as a birthday present for my mother. She hasn't used it yet but she's excited to use it. Too bad the film is the size of a credit card, and not like the size of the vintage Polaroids.
Such a fun camera.  My daughter loves it.
Love the photos that I get to take with this! Great item, arrived in perfect condition.
Works great! Bought it for my kid to take pictures with friends. She loves it and it's great for making little memories!
Got my camera--along with some film I bought with it--last Friday, and ever since Sunday, the little light indicating the mode you're on, is stuck on the first/home mode. Even when I clearly set the camera to a different lighting/mode, the light stays on home. So whenever I take a picture, it doesn't come out in the brightness I want. I changed the batteries, thinking it was just a problem with the batteries. Nope. I can still use the camera, I guess, if I want pictures that don't come out how I want. I'm not sure if I can get a refund or not, so I'm screwed. It was nice while it lasted, 2 days.
This camera is so fun. My 11 year old loves it and takes it everywhere. It actually takes nice pics and so fun to get them instantly. Everybody is always asking about it when they see her using it!
Very nice and cute. Good for the price. This was my daughter's birthday gift and she loved it. It takes good clear pictures.
perfect for christmas
Everything looks like it is in fine shape.  My granddaughter's Christmas present - will let you know how she likes it.
Purchased for a gift and it was a wonderful price. Item arrived just as described
Good to see a form of Polaroid come back. At least for me. Got for my daughter in law. She'll love it as it's instant. I also purchased tripod to go w it. Got christmas
I love my camera so much it's so nice ! Great quality ! I was skeptical at first but honestly it was worth the money.
This camera takes horrible pictures.  Do not buy!!!
After a few month of gentle use the shutter to the lens will not close anymore. Once the lens got dirt in it the picture quality has been severely compromised. Will be returning this. Also spent a lot of money getting the films, which will have to be returned as well.
no problems
Great Camera. Good quality of pictures even with flash. Kids are very happy to see the picture develop.
Great value
i love this product. my only complaint that i wish the photos were bigger. just my preference. it is ok.
Yes received my order and was happy with it. My granddaughter is going to love it.
came in excellent condition these cameras a lot of fun for any of us who remember being burdened by film : )
It's really cool but it didn't come with film.
Very cute, and fun too have.  Pictures come out a bit duller than expected, and for the price of the film you should get more and better quality.
recieved as shown with batteries and when expected.
great
It's fun.. Takes really cute small clear instant photos which is great in a digital would for my daughter to have a memory to hold...film is hard to find.. I started ordering on line.  Same price 2 dollars a photo worth it to me I love photographs that much.
Perfect, thanks!
so good
Do Not by this from professional depot I bought two cameras and thought the film was the defective item but it was the camera because I have ordered 20 rolls of film from different places and they are all defective so it has to be the camera. Wish I could get one that actually worked :(
I bought this camera as a birthday gift for my daughter. We used it once (one roll of film). Like any other good present she didn't try to use it again for several months! We were surprised to find that it would no longer take photos.
Good camera with photos printed so quick!
Lots of fun, my daughter loves it, pretty color blue! works just like they used too.
It came a little late but otherwise I love it!
I was very disappointed in the box the camera came in. It looked like it had been chewed by a dog and was dented in on one side. This was going to be a gift from Santa and the box looks horrible. When I opened the package there was no packing stuff to help the camera stay safe during shipping. I hope when my child gets this camera it wasn't banged around so much that it doesn't work.
everything that was described
Received and wrapped for Christmas.
I FINALLY GOT THE CAMERA THANK YOU
So far this camera does exactly as I had hoped! It brings back warm and fuzzy memories of my childhood! I gave 3 stars due to the packaging. It came extremely roughed up. I was disappointed!
I wanted to try this out.  I have two awesome cameras, both digital that take great pics.  I chose this camera just for fun family events, throw back type photos that you can take and have instant gratification, pass out as keepsakes, etc.  Let me start by saying, like other reviewers comments on other sellers sites here selling this camera, they advertise a selfie mirror, NO, there is NOT a selfie mirror.  Slight disappointment but no biggie I guess.  Let me finish by saying, its a great camera for a 7 year old.  Its basic, doesnt do anything except snap & print a tee-tiny little picture that I must say, you can barely even see some things you are photographing.  Overall, I feel silly using this camera.  I guess its fun at first, but the lack of its ability to really do anything makes it a big disappointment.  For the steep price and the overexaggerated marketing, this product is a fail.  I expected old time polaroid type photos, it does NOT deliver.  Positive: As always Amazon delivered within 1 business day.
this is so adorable and i love the pics. if your into the whole vintage thing you will love this!
Nice camera.
This is a novelty product and is not worth the money.  The film is ridiculously expensive, the photos are tiny and your kid will be interested in it for about 4 minutes.  Too bad they don't make them like they used to.
christmas present
AWESOMMEEEEEEE
Brought it for my daughter's birthday, it's a cute starter camera, she loves it!
My daughter love it, Great product
Glot this and all the accessories for my granddaughter for Christmas. She does not have it yet but I am sure she will like it....it was on her list to me submitted before Thanksgiving...LOL
Color is pretty much red doesn't even have a hint of pink in it
gi o d
This camera is awesome. Classic looking photos and easy to use.
Purchased this for my 15 year old daughter and she loves it.  Apparently instant cameras are a fad right now and this seems to work well. It's simple to use and is a fun novelty item.And it IS a novelty item.  Please don't buy this thinking you're getting something that's going to take amazing photos. They quality is just lovely for a Polaroid-style camera, but you won't get the results that you get from your phone or digital camera.  This is designed for kids to take cute pictures of their friends, not something you're going to take vacation photos with. My daughter decorates them with stickers, writes on them with her friends and hangs them in her study and bedroom on ribbons with tiny clothespins.The photos are about the size of a credit card or wallet-sized photo, including the white frame around the picture. Big difference between this and the old square Polaroids from our childhood is that you *don't* flap these in the air to develop them.. That will actually hurt the development process. You lay the film on a flat surface and it takes about 10 minutes to finish processing.It's an instant camera, so it's bulky compared to a regular one, but again, you're not going to want to take this to document a family trip.The bulk and the price of the film (roughly $1 per picture) would keep me from giving this to a child younger than 10-12.  I would definitely not purchase this for a little one, because they'd go through $20 in film in eleven seconds and you'd have a lot of blurry photos of their feet and the walls!Now for a bunch of 15 year old girls, it's a lot of fun and my daughter and her friends have really enjoyed it.
Love this! I bought the Fujifilm Insta Mini to use in home-made photo booth at my mom's bday celebration. People loved the idea and were able to leave a short message for my mom at the bottom of the photo.  Then I collected all the pics and created a mini photo album with the pics. Overall I got my money worth. See the pics below.
Very fun little product, great holiday gift.  Pics are what you'd expect. Fun to have as a retro response to digital phone pics. Don't forget the two AA batteries if you're giving it as a gift.
I always love these cameras! I bought the older model for myself and fell in love with it so I got this one for my sisters birthday. It's so perfect for when she wants to take pictures to put up in her college dorm! Don't forget the film
My daughter loved this gift for her birthday.
I'm happy with this purchase, product was well packaged and it arrived in a timely manner. I love the camera, we had fun taking pictures during Thanksgiving, great conversation piece.  The camera takes great pictures as well.
Love this little camera. It's very fun to play with and get instant prints. The film is a bit pricey, so be warned if you plan on being really crazy with the photos. It ends up being approx. 1$ per photo. Also, the picture makes the camera seem more pink, but it is a little more orange. It doesn't look bad, but it is not quite as pink as you would expect and I was a little surprised. I will say I was disappointed in that it didn't come with even one thing of film, which is troublesome when your film is in a different order, so I had to wait to use it.
So much fun!! Ordered this for my husbands youth group and the teens love it. Takes really cool vintage photos. This is the mini version so photos aren't the big typical ones but that works for us. I have noticed you need to get fairly close to your subject and have somewhat decent lighting for pictures to show up well. It's best for up close face pictures. Really happy with this purchase and love the blue color!
I love my camera it's the best thing ever !!
Nice
good
Excelente
Nice product, great for tween's, teens and parties.
Better than expected! I was worry that doesn't work as supposed to... But works perfectly!
i think it's a cute idea to bring back the polaroid camera in a new fun design.  I like it but I wouldn't say I love it.  The picture quality isn't there which is what i expected but the camera sometimes pauses for too long before it takes the picture which usually results in a bit of a blurry picture.  And with the film being as expensive as it is, it is a bit frustrating to have blurry pictures.  Overall, though, I like the camera.  I'm happy that I made the purchase.
Great price!! Delivered fast. Product as described!!
I love my mini camera! My only complaint was that this product advertised the front mirror, but mine never came with it..
its so cute, im so glad i got my wife this color she loves it
If you are thinking of buying this product, do it because this camera is the perfect size to fit in any bag and you can't beat the price.  However film may be expensive but you are paying for cool looking vintage photos. Definitely recommend! ☺️
I love love love this camera.  It is fun for snapshots. I love the pale pink color. People of all ages will enjoy this camera, but maybe youngsters especially.  I am 43 and I am having a blast with this camera.  I have taken photos of my whole family and decorated them with stickers.  A great hobby.
In love with this camera. It' has some tricks you should have on mine like to be sure to set the light exposition, cause otherwise it could turn too bright or too dark. Also, it leaves a big spaces between the top of what you see through the lense and the photo print. I mean, when you're shooting to someone's head. if you put the top of the view on their head, the printed photo will come out with lot of space above the head. If you just want a portrait from neck to head (for example), then you would set the view to just see from the forehead and down. This way, then the photo would just cover from the top hair down without leaving a big black space...
CUTEST CAMERA EVER. used it for our photo guest book at our wedding and received tons of compliments.
LOVE THIS SO MUCH. GREAT PRODUCT.
Awesome camera!!it takeS great pictures very fun and easy to use . the raspberry color is more of a red then pink  but still very cute:) my husband got it for me and I can't stop snapping pics: )looove it!
Not sure if it works yet, because it's a Christmas gift, but looks intact.  There are a few more scratches on the back that I wasn't expecting.  The gift is for my daughter and she knows I shop Amazon.  If it was for anyone else, I would be concerned that it looked too used to give as a gift.
My 13 yo got this for her bday. She loves it. It took her a little while but once she (finally) read the instructions she was happily snapping away
Perfect
the pictures are pretty blurry.
Came on time and works well! Exactly as pictured.
I absolutely love this camera. It is perfect for any occasion. Worth the money!
This was the rave of our party! Everyone just wanted to take pictures with it.
My son took 4 pictures and then it stopped working.  it was never dropped.  we insterted a new pack of film and it still didn't work.  ridiculously bad and now we own 5 packs of film for a camera that doesn't work.
I have yet to use the camera as it's for my daughter's birthday but it looks perfect! Not to mention the price was unbeatable! This sameCamera at Michaels is more than double the price!
This camera is great! I don't know why I thought it would be bigger, but I love how small it is! The camera it self is beautiful and simple to use. The photos come out nice as well.
Absolutely love this camera!!  This camera is very stylish and cute all in a very great way. This lovely camera came with two batteries a strap.Just a reminderthis camera does not come with film. It weighs more than I expected but it doesn't weigh enough to hurt your arm. You should defanantley but this camera it is suck good quality for that price hope you guys enjoy your cameras and they would make very great christmas presents💓
I bought this as a gift, but the tags expired on my car in july and i barely got them updated
Absolutely love this camera! An updated version of what most of us grew up with. Shipping was even quicker than the seller had promised!
Inexpensive and fun way to capture memories. Bought 2, one for each daughter after used at son's wedding.
This was a gift for my great grandaughter, she is pretty young but mom supervises her. They love the camera!
Makes mediocre-at-best photos but it's fairly compact (at least compared to the old Poloroids my generation is familiar with) and my daughter had to have one.  Guess they're cool again. Who knew!
came in great condition & packaged well. I bought this as a gift for a friend, I think she'll really enjoy it.
Terrific product at a great price.
I always get so many compliments on this camera! I have been offered to take pictures and have them purchased by strangers. These pictures come out GREAT! The best part is you instantly have your picture physically in your hands once it is taken. Now a days hardly anyone prints pictures anymore, yet these memories are so priceless! I love my camera so much I bought one for my niece too. It is a great camera with good quality pictures and memories for keepsake!
Love this cutey. Cute color and perfect for a quick album :). Image size is credit card size though.
My daughter loves it
Love the color ~ it's so fun to use! My daughter and her friends are having a great time with it!
This camera is so affordable and it's so cute! The photos are teeny tiny - wish they were bigger we always take this on trips in addition to our dslr - it's fun and retro.
:)
:)
Small and takes cute pictures
If it weren't so expensive, it would get 5 stars.  Love this camera for a fun twist at parties and school events. Used it at an end of the year Kindergarten celebration and the kids couldn't get enough. Too bad film is so expensive! The kids had fun taking pictures of each other and trading them with one another.  Got the idea of buying this camera at a wedding where they used this for their guest book with props, etc. Definitely a hit for all ages!
Best purchase I believe I have ever made.
I love this camera! Not just for kids! Im a 25 year old wife and mother of two (ages 2 & 1) and i used this camera on our first cross country roadtrip and every holiday since purchasing it! It is a geeat way to keep those memories in a physical form!
This thing is super cool! I love taking it around and taking pictures with it, but I think mine came with a malfunction. Since I received it in the mail and started using it I realized that the lighting wheel didn't work.. It stayed on the same lighting. Other than that this is a super cute and fun way to take pictures!
Nice
I love this! It's so much fun!
This was a gift. I hit the mark with this one.  Takes great pix and you have them in a couple of minutes.
So far so good...this item is a Christmas gift. I did open to look at it and it seems pretty neat, looks easy to use as well!
just what I wanted. Described perfectly.
so cute.
This is such a fun camera! I'm able to take a picture and get it instantly. I love having this to document pictures of events and be able to give them to the person right there. It's also been fun having it to take pictures of my baby and I can write the date on the front. You do, however, need to put the picture in a dark spot (in a book or something) until it's developed. It makes the pictures turn out better.
So happy I got the camera here. Great quality for a great price!
got this for my 11yo as a gift.  Really cool color and fun.  Easy to use, love it!!
Described perfectly. Everything I expected:)
I really enjoyed this camera. But I really hated not seeing what I was getting before it was printed out. I went on vacation and it was quite sunny and half the pictures didn't show up because of that, no matter what setting I used. All the indoor pictures and afternoon pictures were okay! There is an adapter that allows you to take selfies. It's a cute idea!
I like it
Hard to work.
So I have been wanting this camera for years!!! And I finally had enough money to get this plus the accessories! And I'm so in love!!
This thing is awesome
My item came in good shape and it worked perfectly
loved it
Easy & Smart
Great product and line by FujiFilm. Small and compact, easy to carry as well as very light!
My daughter is going to have a great Christmas!!!!!
This is such a fun cute camera! Each picture has a vintage feel to it, which I love. It's so easy too, just press the button near the lens,and it starts right up! The only bad part is having to buy more film, but it isn't very expensive. I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone who likes vintage things.
Was very pleased with it although when I try to take pictures at night it does not show up at all. Idk if I used the wrong setting but yea.
A bit flimsy and cheap.  Pictures turn out either too dark or too light. Bummed 😔. I small child would enjoy this but would be expensive to refill photos!
Fall in love with random life photos again!! My Border Collie is terrified of it! lol lol!
Excellent transaction, highly recommended
It's perfect I love it.
It's a great purchase, it comes complete and nothing is missing. Excellent conditions, I love it!
I love it works just fine great quilts picture
I bought this instax mini 8 from Amazon directly (not another dealer through Amazon). It works wonderfully and came in its complete package. I absolutely love it!
gave it to a friend and he loved it
I love it,beautiful picture but it does get expensive with all the picture but overall I think its a great product
It's really good. It worked for me for almost 6 months. it would work longer, however I took it to the beach and I guess sand got stuck in it and they don't offer a warranty.
I love this thing, it shipped really fast and it was an amazing birthday gift to myself.
This is my favorite little toy. It is so much fun to bring to the beach, on a hike, or on a trip to the city. It is durable, but not heavy or too clunky. The style is unique and minimal. Set up is quick, operation is entirely simple.This would make such a wonderful holiday or birthday present.
Daughter wanted this and loves it.  the photo's are about wallet style - she loves that!
Beautiful photos. This is the second mini we've bought hoping it was just a fluke. Broke after two photos. All the red lights flashed and wouldn't load.
Amazing!
In lovvveee with this camera! worth the money for sure. They best part is having a cute keep sake to put up in your room.
I love it. I took it to Miami and got some great pictures. It's not too big or small and the pictures are about the size of a credit card. I got one camera and it was defective but contacted the seller within the following week I had it replaced I was so pleased. They even paid for me to send them back the broken one. The replacement I got was perfect worked well!
This is a really great and easy to use camera. I love the color and the design. I wanted to get a camera that would be easy enough for my grandmother to use, and it is! Shipping was fast and looks exactly like the picture shown.
my 10 yr old daughter loves it!!!!!!!
so fun and easy! nice to have ease of use and instant gratification in lieu of a digitally complex world
I love it!!! It's smaller than I expected but it's still a good size.But my complaints are that I put film in the camera but didn't change the number of how much I got also it feels cheap.
Great little camera, however the film is just as expensive!
I bought this to use at a photo booth at my daughter's Sweet 16 party. It was the hit of the party. The pictures were great. I dont think the kids put it down all night.  Highly recommend this camera. The pictures are small but it was worth every dime for the fun it brought the party.
GREAT PICTURES AND MY GIRLFRIEND LOVES THE QUALITY, BETTER THAN THE POLAROID I BOUGHT HER EARLIER THIS YEAR.
Absolutely love my Instax.  I take it on vacations with me and to outings with my friends and family.  I have never been disappointed with a shot unless I put it on the wrong setting.  Definitely would recommend this no matter what color you buy.  I bought this one because it was the cheapest color at the time - but I fell in love with the color once I had it in my hand.
I bought this for my daughters for Christmas last year and they absolutely love it! The pictures come out clear, it is very simple to use, and it's fun for kids!
Total disappointment! The color "Raspberry" is pretty on the website and on the box the camera comes in but the camera itself is more like a burnt orange color!!
This is listed as the fujifilm camera with a selfie mirror (notice the tiny mirror next to the lense) and so you would assume any third party sellers listing their items as this would be identical. However, it's just the normal fujifilm camera. Not bad, but I wish it came as described.
Quick shipping. LOVE THIS CAMERA I AM OBSSESED!!! Made my aunt cry forHer birthday when she received photos that were printed right then and there. And it actually has a very wide range! Fits a lot of people! Love love love!
This was a big hit at my wedding. I love it! The color is so cute!
This is the first polaroid camera I have ever bought and it was so worth it. It's so cute and portable, not only do I get vintage inspired films from this I get to have the pictures almost instantly. So much worth the buy, now I can account on all my events to be captured into pictures.
I bought it as a birthday gift for my 15 year old granddaughter and she absolutely loves it.  My only concern might be that the price of the film is a little on the high priced end.  But all in all - it was a huge hit with her.
perfect! exactly what i wanted! just wish film wasn't so expensive!
Never got it to work.I'm really really iupset because I've replaced the batteries multiple times, followed the directions and have tried multiple different film cartridges but it never turned on!
cant wait to take pics
Love this little toy. Bought this for my gf as a gift and she loved it. The picture quality is good as a polarized camera. No other complains. Satisfied!
Love it ! Great Conditions!
Love it! Takes amazing pictures
So I purchased this camera since it looked cool. But when I received it the camera would not turn on even with the compatible film. Then I bought a second one in pink, the film exploded with ink. What a horrible product. Rip off, don't buy.
Easy to use. Automatic lighting sensor tells you which of the 4 settings to use. Love it!
Adorable fun camera! Works great and speedy shipping!
Fast shipping, got here a day before than expected. Really amazing price too, will definitely come back here if I ever buy another.
BEST camera ever! It's a cool new instant camera, and it works like a charm!  There isn't anything that I would say bad about it!
I'm not sure how I feel about this item. It came in very dirty, red stains along the front cover of where you put the film. Some type of ink dark black stain near the top of the camera. A little bit of brown stains. Poorly packaged, everything was just stuffed in there along with user manual and guide.  was buying this as a gift hoping the box was at least decent looking. But then again it was clearly stated that the box wasn't looking new I give them that. But over all I feel as if the box was more discriptive it's self than the actual product.
I thought I would use this camera all the time.  I was afraid of the cost of the film because of how much I was going to use it... nope.  It's a great idea for young children or for a party.  Not so much if you're a grown adult that has a job and can afford a real camera or if you own a smartphone.The picture quality is ok.  It's reminiscent of the old style poloroids from the 80s.  The thing is that like movies and tv, cameras have gotten better.  Much much better.  So don't be shocked if you can't really make out the details of a picture you took of your kids 20 feet away.Also take a look at the size of the pictures.  It's a lot smaller than the old style poloroids about half the size.This being said.  My children really like this camera.  I think because they were born to a time where we have automatic sensor lights in our house and Amazon's Echo tells us answers to whatever we ask it.  They have no idea what a land line phone is and TV has always been high def.  So a poloroid camera is a novelty and the manual process of producing a picture is like magic to them.  They can have a picture on paper (and not on the camera where they live).  I can see kids up to 12 really getting a kick out of this.  So the kid in me is giving this 4 stars.  If you have money to burn then buy this product.
Good one
100 %Satisfied
Great camera for my 5 yr old girl, who had wanted instant camera for a while now. She loved taking pictures AND getting the prints right away, as opposed to all the digital stuff we have. Word of a caution: be sure to let your kid know NOT to open the back of the camera where the film goes. My kid opened and wasted the full film pack (she actually took out the whole pack, and removed each film, one by one). And those things are not cheap :).Overall I'm happy with the purchase. It's much better present (I wouldnt call that a toy, as it has an actual use) than all other disney crap she wants. While camera is relatively not expensive, the films are, so keep this in mind. (Gillette using guys will know what I'm talking about ;))
Love this camera! It's not only super cute, but it's so much fun to use. I loved my Polaroid camera when I was a kid so I'm glad Fuji made this. It's a fun camera to use.
Love love it!! Wish I would have bought this a long time ago it's so much fun!
button to take pictures - broken.  replaced it with store bought instead of waiting for a replacement.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Works great! My girlfriend loves it and the pictures turn out really good. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of the price of the film. Other than that is a fun little camera.
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter which I know she will love.  Her favorite color is pink!!!
Great
I find that it only takes good photos indoors, with proper lighting, and u need to be at least 3 feet away from the subject. No matter what the setting is on, outdoor photos in bright light turn out completely white. Very disappointed.
It is adorable first of all. It also brings a bit of nostalgia to me from growing up in the 90's. This camera is a hit where ever I go, people always ask me where I bought it. I have since moved on to the instax 300 wide camera but this camera will always have a special place in my heart.
Great Gift for my Daughter
I am IN LOVE with this camera!  It's really cool, feels good in the hands, and takes pretty good pictures. The only downside is the cost of film, and how long it takes to ship. Overall I would really recomend getting this Fujifilm instax mini 8.  '''
No problems at all! Loved the color! The package arrived safely and on time.
Looks wonderful! Arrived here faster than states. Couldn't ship film so I will need to hunt some down.
LOVE
Got this for my daughter and she loves it!!  She also got the film.  The pictures are smaller than the Polaroid pictures.  The camera is very easy to use.  Great item that teen girls love!!
lots of fun
I absolutely  love this camera that only downside is the price of film. I can't  wait to use it for holiday parties along with same photo booth props.
My daughter really enjoys it. I think it's a huge waste of money.
It broke after having it for one week. Pictures for stuck and wouldn't come out. So disappointed.
Love the colors of the photos coming out of it. manages to get everyone excited to see how the photo came out. The eye lens shows a smaller farm then the photos when they come out, a bit annoying in group pics.
Excellent camera. The kids had a great time with this. Photos are small, but capture everything perfectly.
I'm only giving this three stars, because it was broken when I received it. It did not take pictures and would keep flashing. I've taken out the batteries and put in new ones, still nothing. I went and got one from Target instead and it works fine, so I will be returning the one I got from Amazon. Probably just had bad luck, but I do like the camera overall (I would have given it 5/5 if the one I received actually worked)
Oh my gosh! I love this camera, I'm taking it with me everywhere!!! I bought 50 sheets of film but I honestly don't think it's enough haha! Probably going to buy a lot more next paycheck! Love this camera, the pictures are small but they are really cute, the pictures take about less than 3 minutes to fully process, this camera is adorable and so worth it! Considering they sell these for way more! My package came perfectly, nothing wrong with it, came with batteries, it did take a while for it to come though but it was worth the wait!
Great gift
Great item
Thanks its very good and the delivery fast
Great
Love it
Excelent product
My daughter purchase this for her birthday and i believe its a perfect little gift for a 12 year old, its super fun to take when she is hanging out with her friend. Perfect memories. She put them on the back of her case or on her walls.
I love this camera!!! I traveled all over Europe and took tons of photos.
More red, then magenta but that was what I was wanting so its perfect!
In a word? Obsessed.Ever since I got this camera in late September, I have brought it to several parties, as well as cons. Whenever I bring it, everyone always wants to take home the images. So I have to be judicious with who gets to take  a picture, otherwise I'm spending money on film I never see. I read other reviews about how popular the camera was with friends and family, and I can contest that it really is. People are surprised when they see it, and then curious about the lineage of how instant cameras have progressed to this point of small and compact size. I can't even tell you how many people have asked me where I've gotten it at this point.My entire reason for getting it was to take it to AWA to snap pictures of people in costumes, and have a physical representation of the convention experience. And because I have somewhat of a type-A personality, I did extensive research on multiple models over the course of several days. This is something I learned early on: every single person will call it a Polaroid. Not a single one knows to call it an Instax, even after finding out that’s what it is. Kind of interesting how much the Polaroid brand has withstood the test of time, like how people say Kleenex instead of tissue. Anyways... These Pros/Cons were taken before the purchase of the camera, and were generally what other people said over several platforms (Amazon, FujiFilm website, other blog posts). At the time of purchase, I got this model for 67.98, which was in line with all the other colors. Because it’s a popular color, it looks like they’ve upped the price.In case you aren’t looking to comparisons and you just want to know why I chose this model, I ended up deciding on the 8 for several reasons. While the cameras from 25 and beyond have a button feature for horizontal and vertical, the 8 doesn’t. I am completely fine with tilting the camera either way, and I have never had an issue taking vertical shots. The 8 also has a price point and purpose I think agree with each other. For less than $70, I could get an instant camera to take to parties and conventions, a camera I could also use for when I have a Photobooth set up at my parties (something I do a lot). And the final deciding factor was the color and design. The 8 comes in a variety of colors, including the beautiful pastel blueishgreen I decided on. While some people thought the design looked cheesy and cheap, I really loved it! I liked the lightweight feel and compact size and the cute sort of toy look of it appealed to my nostalgic side.By far, the best camera is the 90. It offers an option to turn the flash on/off, which I could say is the biggest caveat of all of the other cameras in this series. Because the flash is always on the 8, it washes out pictures taken in bright light. I’ve mostly used the 8 inside and at parties, ant it performs very well in that environment.At any rate, here are my findings:FujiFilm Instax 210 Instant Wide (camera priced at $72.89 as of 11/11, $15.99 for 20 exposures)Note: Takes 4 AA batteries.PROS:-Better at outdoor images than smaller Instax cameras, because they show more detail.-Larger photo size, about 2x bigger than the mini.-More like a classic Polaroid from the ‘90s, so it has a really nice nostalgia factor.-Has 3 different camera modes: lighten, darken, and normal.-Tends to look best with a horizontal shot, but you can turn the camera for a vertical shot.CONS:-Bulky, not easy to carry in a pocket or small purse.-Auto flash.-Not conducive to traveling, due to its large size.-Fragile construction.Recommended for: Anyone who wants more of a classic Polaroid feel, with larger images.____FujiFilm Instax Mini 8 (camera priced at $67.49 – 72.00 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)Note: Takes 2 4AA batteries.Note: Just because this camera doesn’t offer an option for horizontal and vertical images does not mean you can’t simply tilt the camera, because you definitely can!PROS:-Small photo size, about the size of a business card.-Portable and easy to travel with.-Takes good indoor/outdoor photos.-Camera itself is available in many colors.-Cute design.-Sturdy construction.- Has 4 settings: indoor, cloudy, little sun, sunny.CONS:-Small photo size (both a pro and con).-Easy to over and underexpose film.-Jamming film problem with some people. (though I haven’t had this issue yet)-No zoom function. You get one lens, and that’s all. (A close up lens is sold separately, however.)-Auto flash.-Looks like a toy. Some people said they didn’t like the look and considered it “cheap”.Recommended for: Casual use: weddings, parties, get-togethers.___FujiFilm Instax 25 Mini (camera priced at $84.13 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)Note: Comes with 2 CR2 batteries.PROS:-Small photo size.-Self-portrait mirror for those of you who want an “old school selfie”.-Smaller and lighter than the 8 because it doesn’t use the AA batteries that 8 uses.-Portable and easy to travel with.-Cute-sy design.-Comes with a close-up macro lens.-An option for horizontal and vertical images.-Lighten/darken image mode or turn on flash.-Takes good indoor/outdoor photos.CONS:-Small photo size (both a pro and con).-Limited color selection.-Doesn’t take very good nighttime shots.-Auto flash.Recommended for: Casual use: weddings, parties, get-togethers. Those that want to take “selfies”.____FujiFilm Instax 50S Mini (camera priced at $90.99 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)Note: Comes with 2 CR2 batteries.PROS:-Small photo size.-Self-timer.-Comes with a close-up macro lens.-Good in low light.-An option for horizontal and vertical images.-Sleek, more of an adult look to it.-3 settings: Auto, Fill-in Flash, and Landscape. Also has a light/dark function.CONS:-Small photo size (both a pro and con).-Auto flash.-Tendency to overexpose, especially when it’s overcast.Recommended for: Casual use, and those that like the option of taking close-up pictures.____FujiFilm Instax Mini 90 (camera priced at $137.49 – 140.49, $15 for 20 exposures)Note: Comes with rechargeable battery and wall charger.PROS:-Small photo size.-Sleek, more of a retro look to it.-Sturdy construction.-An option for horizontal and vertical images.-An option to turn the flash on/off.-Can adjust brightness.-Special nighttime option makes it great for lower light.-Self-timer.-Much less bulk and weight than other Instax cameras.-Good for travel and very portable.-Takes great day and nighttime shots.-Digital display tells you how much film you have left.-Macro mode for closer images.-Has 4 settings.CONS:-Small photo size (both a pro and con).-Much more expensive than other Instax models: you definitely pay for the looks and additional features.Recommended for: More serious photographers.----UPDATED REVIEW, 1 YEAR AFTER PURCHASE AND USE---I still love this camera, even a year later. I've taken it with me to NYC, to countless parties, to conventions, and just regular ole days out on the town. Here are a few observations over the year:-It sucks in light. Like really really sucks. It always washes images out, and sometimes that creates a cool effect, but for the most part it just looks bad. I really wish there was a way to turn off the flash, but since there isn't this camera is best inside.-It only sort of eats up batteries. It will start flashing when it's low, but I've been able to take somewhere between 20-30 additional photos after it has started flashing. Just make sure that you only turn it on when you're ready to take a shot, and not spending forever waiting for your friends to get into a decent formation.-It is pretty bulky (but not heavy) for travel purposes. It takes up a lot of precious space in suitcases or backpacks, so be prepared to sacrifice the loss of a few items of clothing for it.-It can take a little bit of a beating. In my suitcase, jostled with shoes, clothes, and books, it has done fine. It's also done well when I put it in a little bag I have with extra batteries that are loose and jiggling around and knocking into it.-It still works swimmingly for me. I've never experienced any issues with jamming or any other issues, really.-And one final tip. It's probably best to buy an extra 10-20 rolls for parties, because people will REALLY REALLY want to take the pictures home.
I love this camera.  I bought it on a whim and it has been so fun to bring to parties and dinners.  My only negative is that the instructions are nearly impossible to read and the film is a little expensive.  But I still love it.
I LOVE THIS CAMERA....need I say more?
Great for parties. Everyone loves it.
MY GRAND-DAUGHTER WAS SO EXCITED ABOUT HER GIFT!!!
Really very fun camera!! very good quality of the photos!!!
My sister loves this! Definitely brings you back to the golden days and we love that you get the picture instantly! The pictures are clear and everything is extremely easy to use.
Gr daughter loved the blue camera. The blue mudder camera case fit the camera perfectly. She couldn't have been happier.
No selfie mirror as clearly stated - angered.
My daughter loves it. She's very happy with the camera.😀
I love this camera. I'd never been into photography (and still aren't that interested in it, to be honest!) but this camera makes me enjoy taking pictures very much. I carry it everywhere I go so thank goodness it's light weight. The only downside is that the film is quite expensive for how little you get in each box ($10-$12 for 10 sheets). Some of the reviews of this camera say that the pictures don't come out well, but I haven't had any problems with mine; the colours come in crisp (keep in mind that these pictures are supposed to look "vintage") and develop very quickly. I also saw some reviews saying how paper jamming is frequent, but I've had my camera for over a month and I've used it at least once almost every day since purchase, and mine hasn't jammed at all. I get so many compliments on how cute this camera is, so I definitely recommend it!
Perfect
My favorite camera ever! i ordered it in the color Raspberry and it's super cute (°◡°♡)
It's a great lil camera
I got the camera this past Thursday. It kept taking pictures in complete whiteness. I've adjusted the setting and everything. Even taken the batteries out and the polaroid film and still kept taking those white pictures.
Great to use for children's parties!  Instant photos for the kids - and you don't have to worry about getting any approval from parents as the kids take home their pics.  Love the "pink" color!  Easy to use...
I bought this camera for my daughter and she loves it! No issues to report yet. Although, I do think the product does seem a little fragile. Handle with care..
xmas gift
Great camera
My sister loved it ^_^ I bought it for her birthday.
I consider myself an intermediate photographer, and I found it so unfortunate that once I got into photography, Polaroids were a thing of the past. I was so stoked to learn that a new generation of instant camera is so present on the market now!I got my camera a few days ago and I've already gone through two packs of film. This is my new favorite thing!The controls are easy to understand, there's a little bit of a learning curve, but that's very small. Four shots, and this camera is now easy-peasy.I highly recommend this to novice and professional photographers a like. It's a fun little toy to have, and is well worth the price of the films.
Bought this as a gift for my friend and she loved it
I have ALWAYS wanted a camera like this & I love anything that comes in pink. This soft, light pink is so gorgeous & very close to the color of my bedroom. I'm so happy that this came with a wrist strap too. I almost ordered one separately, but glad I didn't. This camera is so easy to use & absolutely adorable. I'm getting tired of all my special moments being electronic, so I want moments I can keep forever. The strap can be put on either side, which is handy. It also has adjustments for each type of lighting. The photo shown was on a super dark, rainy day, so I was happy that our cat actually showed up & was of good quality. Overall, this is an amazing purchase & I couldn't be happier :)
This little camera is so much fun!! I had purchased it for photos while we travel. And ended up using it for our wedding. They aren't the higest quality but I think that's a bit of the charm!! Film is expensive but worth it if you can afford t for special trips and memories!
Very nice camera! I absolutely love it and I'm so glad i got it; I already took ten pictures with it!
I bought it for my 12 year old daughter and she loves it!!!!! Nice pictures and very fun!!!!!
super cute and easy to use camera
It is no longer working. Can i send it back???
Exactly what I was looking for.  I'd absolutely order again.  It was easy to use and easy to refill.
I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  It was a hit at the party.  It was something she really wanted and it works great.
Works great but the function in the lense to change the lighting is broken. Can't always trust the picture will turn out great because of this.
works greaaaaaat
love this camera!!
This was such a hit at my sister's wedding! The camera is great. Photo quality is great and the size is perfect for me. However, the photo paper is expensive if u use it a lot.
Got this as a present for my sister. She LOVES it. The pictures are super cute, it's very lightweight and portable, and the instructions are pretty clear.
As described
Great product. I use it all the time.
Granddaughters 11th birthday gift. Said it was her best birthday gift ever!
Color looks nothing like the photo. It's almost orange in color. We returned for the light pink one.
So much fun!! Bought this for a party and now my nephew thinks I'm magic because I have a camera that prints pictures automatically! And to think, this was just the norm a while back!
photos are the size of a credit card
So far great camera
perfect for my scrapbooking.  bought this one for my boyfriend's mother, who's also a scrapbooker
It doesn't really focus for up-close pictures, so I bought detachable selfie lens that supposedly fixes that. I haven't quite figured out how to use it yet because all the instructions are in Chinese. It comes with two AA batteries (appreciated) and a countdown to let you know how many shots are left. Wish it held more than 10 photos at a time! It supposedly has different settings for indoor versus outdoor photos, but for the life of me I cannot figure out if this can take photos without flash yet. The flash always seems to go off, which makes it hard to get photos if you're near any reflective surfaces. That said, it is really satisfying to hold an actual photo in your hands right after taking it. The color is cute too. It feels a little on the cheap side but I got it for $50 so can't complain! The exposure button is a little close to the aperture to be careful or your fingertip will appear in the corner of every photo.
Enjoyable for that teen!
Awesome and fun!
my little sister loved it and ran around taking pictures all night
Our granddaughter is enjoying her new camera.
I love my camera great for capturing moments recommend you buy
my daughter has really loved this little camera its perfect for her. but the film seems kinda high.
Great product, good picture quality
Works great, definetly worth the money.
instant film camera was a good deal for the money.  also like the color.  kind of difficult to find the film in stores but that's not really an issue.
so far so good bought about a month or two ago and its been great so happy i made the purchase , still getting the settings figured out for when your outside, I've found if i put the picture setting on the one it tells me , it hasn't come out right,  so be careful with that maybe its just me lol !
My daughter loves the camera and loves the memories. She loves to make scrap books.
Cute. Have zoom in function
My 14 year old Grand Daughter LOVES this!!! She couldn't stop saying Thank you!!!
Nice artifact.
Worth the price, instant pictures at your finger tips! Con: A little pricey for the film.
Great, no problems
Amazing product! thank you!
Nice camera ..I loved the color.
Great camera! Very easy to use! Bought for my daughters 9 th birthday, she loves it!The pictures are credit card shaped and look vintage, very cool!
Got this pink Instax Mini 8 for a good deal and was everything that my girlfriend wanted! Takes great stills, but you have to practice focusing it and setting it on the right setting for light and such. Looked new in box, but tape sealing it was broken.
quality of pictures is not as good as expected, but besides that easy to handle
This is the mini instant film camera. It comes in black. Blue. Pink. White. Yellow. Grape. Raspberry.  Indigo. It is lightweight and very portable. So easy to use. Easy to refill. So fun to use.  So handy to have on hand for those photo moments when you want to take a picture. And you get to have the picture printed there and then. Perfect.  This would really made a nice gift. Very fast shipping
EXCELLENT
The camera color is awesome. This was a birthday gift & our daughter loves it!
Perfect for elementary school kids.
Love my camera! So cute and easy to use. Package came fast, on time, and in perfect condition
I love this camera! It is extremely easy to use. The photo paper is pretty pricey but it is definitely worth it!
Great camera! Takes great pictures and is really fun!  Would highly recommend!
Cool
Gave this camera as a gift for my best friend's birthday and she absolutely loved it! It is well built and easy to use. I like the matte black, it looks very sleek.
My flash stopped working and I wasted an entire roll of film. Very disappointed.
takes great pix, n my daughter has so much fun with it!
We bought this for my daughter's birthday and she loves it!
My daughter love it..
Bought this for my daughters 14th B-day and she absolutely went crazy with taking pictures all night long. They enjoyed it so much, only thing was they went through 4 rolls of film in just a few hours time.
Gave me grass seed
I love it! Works great, just as decribed. Sugh a quick, fun way to capture moments.
This is a requested birthday present for my 11 year old granddaughter.  Her birthday is next month.Gram
I love it
its nice to have a hard copy.
Awesome! Got this for my daughter for her birthday.  She loves it. It is super easy to use and the camera has settings that help it take the best pictures depending on the light.  Thank you!
Very easy to use camera but I wish they had made this with zoom possibilities. When I take pictures it is definitely like old school where you cannot focus and you are literally just looking through the viewfinder to take your picture.
This is the perfect camera! I absolutely adore it!! If you are iffy about buying, don't! It's completely worth it!!
Super fun for special events. The photos come out great.
I absolutely love this camera!!!!! My pictures come out great and it's easy to use. I highly recommend this camera :)
Such a fun camera!  Pictures come out very vintage feeling.  So much fun to have little shots of your kids, family and friends.  My little one really loves watching the pictures come and waiting for them to expose.  Blast from the past fun!
Vintage and nice. Good for party to give the photos to the people right away. Photo size is a little small but good enough.
I bought this for a gift so we will see how it works when I give it to my granddaughter.
Was everything i wanted.  My girlfriend doesn't stop using it.  These pictures are alot of fun.
Bought one of these for my friends birthday and she loves it. I also got one for my birthday in baby blue and the pictures come out great.
I was so excited to order this after My cousin told me that she recieved one for her birthday .. It was delivered fast and came with the film I ordered, great camera easy to use not too big no complaints besides the film and the size of the photos were too small for me , so I returned and ordered the wide camera will write a review there once i recieve it in the mail
I didn't realize how many Polaroids it eats up and I'm very unsure despise very vague directions on how to use the settings. I bought the little rabbit lens I have no idea What the thing does
The camera is cute but I feel like it gets dirty easily.
I bought these for an adult "halloween" party, people ranged from 21-65+.. we had a blast, great photos, a bit small, so if you're looking for that "old polaroid" kinda 4x6 this is not the camera for you.. the photos are like 2x3 and the border takes up a bit of the frame. the good news is that the film is relatively inexpensive, compared to the "real" polaroid film that is still available..nostalgic, hip and quit surprisingly, even NEW to some people!!How quick we are to forget...the film takes a few minutes to actually "expose", people of the iPhone age can't relate.. they had a blank stare and many asked what they did wrong..or they'd stare in amazement from the film rising from the camera..hilarious!! ANYHOWI'm passing off to my children for a bit, but I'm definitely borrowing them for the next party!
I purchased this gift for  my daughter's 15th birthday and she absolutely loved it...it had different pic modes and one of them makes the pic look like the old school Polaroid cameras. ..it was worth every penny
Love it
I really liked this product. When you pop out the lens, it has 5 different settings. It also takes pictures pretty good for a polariod. I am going to use it for a sign in table at my wedding. I will update to see how it held up to that.
I love it. I don't regret getting it, because when o go to the stores its way too expensive and here I was able to get it.
ok
Came in when promised. Works perfectly.
This camera was purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it! Works well and the pictures turn out perfectly. Very happy with this purchase.
This is the perfect gift for a teenager or college student.  My college student was thrilled to receive this, and she's filled her room with garlands of the wee photos.  Yes the film is expensive, but buying in bulk saves money.  There's a learning curve to how to take successful photos which wastes a fair amount of film, but once you figure out lighting, the pics are lovely in an instamatic-y way.  I can't think of a gift my daughter has enjoyed or used more.
amazing product!
Love it!!!
My daughter keep taking pictures..
It takes amazing pictures with that vintage feel to it. Super adorable, easy to use. Arrived on time. If your looking for a way to keep those moments that you treasure then this is the camera for you!!
Very good buy !!!!
I love this camera so much
I like it
Worked perfectly 🎀
Purchased as gift for my sister. She loves it! It works well.
DON'T EVEN THINK TOO MUCH ABOUT IT. GET IT!!! all the colors are darling and they work amazing it's hard to stop taking pictures.The size is perfect, the color is too.Remember first put the batteries in AND THEN (don't turn it on) put the film in, line the yellow stripes. Close it turn it on. The first picture won't be a picture but the cover of the film, it'll be black . Don't panic! The next pic should be the actual Polaroid.The hi-key settings is for pictures that you want to turn out washed out, like white so don't use this outside in a sunny day! Use it in a dark environment.For cheapness, buy film in large quantities! Not a single 10 film packet 🙅 Also you should buy sticker frames instead of cute films! Its way way cheaper but that's up to you!Enjoy it and have fun!
This is even prettier in person. It is a great gift and way better price than in stores.
What is this yellow spot on my pictures ? It went from having a yellow discolouration to now just coming out plain white
thx
My favorite purchase on Amazon so far! It takes a little bit of playing with the settings and how far away you can be to get a good shot, but once you know what lighting works, you're good to go. The different colored frames on other film packs are super adorable too.
Love this, I take pictures of mostly my boyfriend and I. I really like have instant photos instead of phone pics, besides the waiting is fun
I love it!! I just wish film was cheaper and came with more
Thanks it is fantastic
IN LOVE WITH IT
So glad I bought this camera. I take it with me everywhere and always get compliments on it.
Love love love!!!
I gave this as a gift to my younger sister and she absolutely loves this camera. She takes it every where! It is totally worth the money, and the pictures come out amazing!
Fun!
Had to return it cause I wanted the white one instead but the camera is so much fun! Loved the way the photos turn out once they print out!
Amazing Camera and so fun to use!  However the first time it was dropped it broke.  I did buy the warranty plan, so just waiting now to see how that plays out...
Super easy to use, cool looking photos and the purple is nice and vibrant. Great product for teens and adults alike. Took it out of the box and was snapping photos in the matter of minutes. I was deciding between this and the more expensive version, so happy with my choice!
My daughter is very pleased with this camera.  Just wish that the picture films were less expensive!!!
Perfect Thank you
I love my camera! Learn how to use the settings though, otherwise your photos could be completely blown out or way too dark.
Bought this for my girlfriend before we went on a road trip. She absolutely loved it and her folks did too. They were surprised to see a film camera, let alone something like this. Takes amazing photos that you can keep just about anywhere.
Love my New camera and it takes wonder pictures
camera came in and we are enjoy that also
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH! My boyfriend got this as an early birthday present for me and I luuuurrrrve it so much. I haven't had any problems with film or anything. I've only taken three pictures because the film is pricey but otherwise it's great!
My favorite purchase this year... Great for scrapbooking
Easy to use and take clear photos
Amazing deal. Amazing product. I have two
Fun camera and love having instant pictures when I want them
An amazing device! Super cute, got as gift for my sister and she loves it! Easy to use and makes beautiful photos!
We bought this for our daughter for her birthday!  She absolutely loves it!
Overall a cute little camera, great for using to take candid photos for collages or scrapbooking.
This is a fun throwback to bring to parties and take drunk pics and put them on the persons refrigerator then take pictures of the pictures the next morning so they can be properly uploaded to Facebook.
Great gifts at affordable prices.
Good
Was disappointed to find that the entire packaging, instructions, etc were in Chinese/Japanese. This product was intended for purchase in Asia, not the US. The product works great but the batteries did not. They didn't work at all.
A++++++++
Hands down, the best gift for teen you know, be it a niece, cousin, friend, babysitter, neighbor, scrapbooker, etc. For me, kids between the ages of 10 and 20 can be so difficult to shop for. But even with Facebook and Instagram, kids love actual photographs of themselves and friends. Without fail, a Fujifilm Instax Mini Instant Film Camera in their favorite color is always an instant hit.
my new favorite thing! I feel I will be so creative with this camera!
Perfect everything!!
Love the camera and use it all the time.
I LOVE THIS!!!
SO. MUCH. 80's FUN!!! This is a blast, and the pictures are really unique & remind me of when I was a kid! My girls love taking pictures, and, while the pictures themselves are a little spendy, I think it is totally worth it, and have framed quite a few....it makes me smile every time I walk by the tiny pics hung up in the hallway!
Great stuff!
shutter sticks and we have wasted tons of expensive film, thinking it was user error...Too late to return very dissappointed 13 year old.  Every other picture is blank...
Love this!!! Super easy and fun for INSTANT gratification. Plus so cute to decorate your room or car with the pictures.
works well.  film can be kind of expensive but fun product nonetheless.  my girlfriend loves it
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it.
My granddaughter loved her little camera, though I was disappointed that it did not come with one packet of film, just the camera itself.  Fortunately, I had also purchased extra film, so she was not disappointed with her gift.I'd think a product obviously aimed at children would include at least a little film so they could use the camera immediately.
Attended expectations Good price.
Great camera and I love the color. It's cute and compact and such a portable size. Great for bringing around and taking pictures that are wallet sized and compact.
LOVE THIS CAMERA!
Very nice and cute :) I would recommend
I love this camera! It takes cute little instant pictures, and I'm glad that I can get film for it right at Walmart. This is inexpensive and awesome.
Love it!
excellent
I purchased the yellow Instax Mini 8, along with a accessorie package. The camera itself is absolutely WONDERFUL. I've taken several photos, and all of them have came out amazing. For a older style camera, the quality of the photos are excellent. After reading many, many reviews on this product I decided to buy it, and this is probably one of my greatest buys! I definitely recommend it. Soon I'll be purchasing this camera in different colors. 10/10
fun to use
I love this camera, it works well inside the house. I've tried many times to take pictures outside and if it is a cloudy day the pictures look washed out. I couldn't fully see myself it was almost blurry. I'm still testing it out, but inside the house works best.
Cool!!
It was blood gold! Takes damn good photos.
it was for my daughter ...its ok for a while ..she got bored
It was amazing. Came right on time for my birthday.
My daughter just loves it!!!!
My 10year old daughter loved this birthday gift.  We first saw it at a wedding set up for a photo booth.  It looks elegant, is incredible easy to use and is super cute. Instant gratification and the photos are pretty good quality...
A+
Awesome little camera with super cute instant photos. Amazon's delivery with this item was flawless and I could not be more happy to have been able to take pictures at my cousin's wedding since the camera came right on time!
Absolutely love this camera, takes great pictures. Didn't realize how much I missed point, shoot, and print cameras! So far this product is exactly what we are looking for! Going to use it for our wedding instead of hiring someone to do a photo booth for a ton of $$$
Very nice camera. Great quality!!!
This little camra is so fun and amazing!  We bought it for our 14 year old daughter so she could capture some memories at Disneyland. She had so much fun with it. Took really great pictures and just fun to have!
Love how I can take a picture and print it instantly
I had wanted a Polaroid since I was 6 yrs old and I'm SO happy to finally have one. I love the picture quality, you don't even need instructions it's so simple to you. I'm absolutely obsessed with it. Couldn't possibly be happier💛
They are soooo cute!
This was a hit. My daughter had a blast playing with this camera. Some of the pictures came out blurry but once we had the settings right they came out very clear. Really happy i chose this over the polariod, its a great camera and she loves it!
bought this for my 11 year old granddaughter for her birthday and she loved it.
It's a gift for my niece! She loves it!
Birthday gift for my daughter...she LOVES this camera!!
great!
I love this camera! It's so cute and perfect. I bring it around whenever I go on adventures and every picture makes me so happy!
EKKKKS!! It's so cute and I waited really long and thought hard about buying one of these. I went on a "hipster" vacation with a friend and this was the perfect addition to our trip. The white gets dirty really easily dirty, but it's nothing that a baby wipe can't clean up. This one has the pop out lens to turn on, and the flash. It tells you the "ideal" setting since there's a light sensor next to the flash where it detects the lighting in the area. Some pictures come washed out depending on the lighting and the flash together, but it gives it this great vibe!No complaints about the camera and I think it's a better investment from Amazon than Best Buy or another stores. Make sure you use the fujifilm instax COLOR film or else your camera won't work. The polaroid like picture comes out instantly (make sure not to shake it) and instant picture in your hand. It's pretty sturdy, comes with a strap for your wrist. I don't trust myself to just hold it by the straps, but it does look cute in your hand. Super reliable and captures the moment perfectly. Also, on the back of the camera, it tells you how many photos you have left. Once you pop in a new film set, it'll be at S (which is the plastic film). Once that first one is taken out, then it'll start the countdown which is really helpful. 10 seems really little, but it sometimes feels like a lot. The lens is wide enough to get two people for a selfie, but it naturally points lower, so hold your camera up a little higher!
The flash is not so good, but everything else is pretty good.
So awesome. Taking me back to the 90s when I always had my polaroid on me.
Got in on time, love it!!
Came fast also easy directions and the pictures always come out great.
I love it.
Such a fun camera to use! It is simple and easy to use, too! The film is reasonable. It serves it's purpose well. If you want an inexpensive, instant camera . . . this is the one to buy!! I used it for a wedding reception for guests to leave a photo and message for the bride & groom.
Great camera.  works great and takes fun pictures
Awesome camera GF loved it!
Awesome
Fun!
Like a lot
really good! Fun to use. I would suggest buying some white electrical tape and placing it over the flash, this will prevent your pictures from being flushed out, because the flash is really strong on this camera.
Takes good pics, but sometimes depending on the lighting, even when you specifically set it automatically goes back to what it senses??? Wouldn't be a big deal except the film gets expensive and since there's only 10pics per roll, it's a bummer when you specifically set it and it switches to auto mode and faces turn out way "whiter"...
My granddaughter loved it.
I love the Fujifilm Instax Mini so far. Really easy to use and awesome picture quality.
It's just the right size, cute, color as shown in the picture and my friend absolutely loved it! It's adorable and a great gift for anyone who wanted a Polaroid. The delivery also came on time and in perfect condition.
Super fun to have.  Cheaper online than michaels.
I love my fujifilm instax excellent camera for quick and cute pictures!
I love it!
A favorite gift of my granddaughter on Her eighth Bday.🎂
Bought this to use as a "guestbook" at our wedding. Our guests took photos of each other and all the photos are a great memento from our day! Our guests did have some issues with exposure (overexposed) but I think that was because some guests didn't know to change the settings. Most photos turned out great though!
Pictures are to small and its not a great picture either.
My only concern is that it takes dark pictures sometimes but my 17 year old daughter thinks it's perfect.
Got this for my 14 year for her birthday and she loves it.
Works perfectly. Only used a couple times so far, but my girlfriend loves it. Good picture quality compared to what I was expecting. Picture turned out darker but you can adjust it.
These products were great and so much fun. Pictures turned out clear. and great.  Would buy them again
I bought this item for my sister for the holidays. She was excited at the prospect of having an instant film camera. However, after only a few uses, she decided the pictures were not the quality she desired.
Was quick ..I am a happy costumer. .
Camera did not work, would not turn on at all. RETURNED
The battery cover is loose and always falls off.
Super fun camera!  Really love it!  Have taken loads of great photos with a "vintage feel" indoors, but still haven't figured out the settings for outdoors.  Adjusted the exposure several times, but so far photos have come out overexposed.  Will keep trying!
Takes great photos vintage style
I puchased it for a nine-year old girl and she loved it!  It is easy to use and the raspberry color made a big hit, too!
My daughter loves it
Amazing
Bought this for my husband's niece as a high school graduation gift, along with a few packs of film. She was thrilled to get it.
Bought this for a roadtrip.  Easy to use.  Really enjoyed having instant photos to put into my travel journal each day.  We were traveling in the desert so some photos were a bit over-exposed even when the light meter was set on the highest level, but I kinda like the blown out look.  I did forget to check the meter on several occasions and totally ruined those pictures.  You definitely have to train yourself to adjust the settings first!
I was in LOVE with this.But after 3 weeks it stopped changing settings. I would turn it but the light would just stay on the home picture. But it really is amazing as long as it works.
The directions are absolutely inscrutable.
Great instax camera. Great when you need a picture now!
I love this camera. It's quick and easy to use. The only down side is if you take pictures outside and it is already dark, you have to be pretty close to the camera for the flash to work-- otherwise you're left out of the picture. I got this camera for an anniversary present from my fiancé. He did all of the research and picked it out. I can honestly say that if I would've had to choose my own camera (instead of receiving this as a surprise), I would've picked this same one. The pictures are great quality and the camera is sturdy. I couldn't be more excited and happy with this.
Great quality
Well-built. Lovely color. I've tested it and it works... Except for the lights on the high-key dial: I would change the setting, but the option I select would not light up.
my favorite color and favorite instant camera!
Love this camera I can't wait to buy more.
best camera ever!
I'm having a terrible time with my camera! none of the pictures are coming out on any setting in any different lighting! I'm frustrated! I'm pretty sure i wasted my money!
Purchased this for my child as a birthday present. She loves this camera. The pictures are the size of a credit card and has pretty good quality. We love the instant gratification you get.  I would recommend this product for adults and children, very easy to use.
My daughter loves it.
It's perfect for my wedding!
A fun version of the classic polaroid, great colors. Easy to use.No zoom, very simple
I love it 
I love my camera, it came on time and nothing was broken or damaged. the box didn't have any dents when I got it. It shipped on time and I'm really happy with the product.
Great price! My teens love this camera
It's aiight. Fun, but don't expect a digital shot, ya'll.
Perfect
