Everything was good
Easy as ever to use and a nice small size for traveling. Would warn the user to make sure your aperture setting is lined up to the light - I forgot to check before I took a couple photos and they came out too light. Other than that I love it!
This is an AWESOME camera for a great price. I got the pink one and it works like a dream. It comes with a wrist strap in the original, authentic box. The camera body is sturdy plastic with a smooth matte feeling and though it's a little awkward to handle when you first get it, after you play with it for a while it's just perfect in your hand. The view hole and the aperture don't line up perfectly, but with a little practice you can take professional, beautiful pictures that are easy to display and give to people.I recommend this as hands down one of the best cameras I've ever used. Instant film is just nostalgic and Fujifilm nailed it. It doesn't come with film, but the five-pack box is a really good deal. I also bought a small instax mini photo album to keep my pictures in.Best purchase of the year!
Such an awesome camera. Lightweight and just as i expected. Make sure to let your picture develop in the dark or it won't develop! The suggested settings aren't always right so you need to find what works and what doesn't but it's fairly easy to do so. Would definitely reccomend!
Great pictures and good photo resolution.
This was a perfect camera for sleep away camp where electronics are prohibited.
The product is quite wonderful. It's a great size; it's very light and small enough to fit in my purse. The photos are vintage-y and surprisingly good quality. I'd been warned ahead of time that Polaroid photo quality was terrible, so I was pleasantly surprised by how my first photo turned out. Granted, they aren't the quality of a Canon EOS, but they're still very nice. They are on the smaller side, however. They're about the size of a credit card, not the slightly larger ones usually associated with Polaroid photos. The camera doesn't come with film, I realized. For immediate use, purchase the film packets and the camera at the same time. The camera is very easy to use. Just click a button, and the photo slides up at the top. Overall, it's honestly one of my favorite purchases. It's a lot of fun, and it gets a good response out of people around me. With realistic expectations, it won't disappoint.
Cool camera!
This is my first time EVER writing a review on amazon, but I just wanted to let anyone know who's curious about this camera that it's a GREAT purchase! It came the exact day it said it would and takes awesome pictures! I absolutely love my fuijifilm camera! I just got it yesterday and I can't wait to start taking photos of memories and with friends. This is a great investment!
I'm in LOVE with this camera! I've always wanted a polaroid and was very indecisive about which one to get, but I definitely don't regret getting this one. There's different settings for brightness and it's a bit confusing at first, but if you read the manual, you'll be fine. Not only do my pictures turn out great, but when I'm not using this camera, I set it on my desk and it's just such a pretty camera.
It's a really cute color and at such an affordable price! I wish Fujifilm would make more colors though. I will definitely buy another camera if they make a lavender one!
very adorable
I love this camera! I have wanted a polaroid camera for a while now, and when I saw this one, I went for it, and I think it was a great investment. Easy to use, cute and takes good pictures!
Nice!
I love love LOVE this camera!! Great price, fast shipping! I love that you instantly get a picture, very good for having an instant keepsake. The credit card sized prints are perfect for keepsakes, memory books, and party favors! The picture quality is pretty decent for an instant camera that has automatic settings. The pictures come out clear and have a unique look about them. Very simple to use. In some situations, the flash is a bit bright, but some masking tape over the flash will help dull it, as well as give a unique filter to the shot. And you always get the 'wow' factor when you snap an instant shot on a night out.I would definitely recommend this product!
The film size is actually very cute but FAR too expensive, restricts use of camera to very special/novelty use.
Awesome and practical
This is the same camera that everyone wants but costs less! There are no zoom capabilities. Just point and shoot.
for our hollidays it was good
Saved up for this beauty and it was worth it! The pink camera online looks a bit too toyish but in real life it is a pastel pink that is super cute! Some people might say this looks like a toy camera, but hey, at least when you bring it outdoors theres a lesser chance of it being stolen cause its a "toy" appearance! Came in a solid cardboard box and safely bubble wrapped. Includes 2 batteries and manuals. It's a great camera to have! I love everything about it.
The 12-year old granddaughter loves this little camera.  The film is a bit expensive, but this age group loves the pictures they get and they can put them in their scrapbooks.  It is a clever, little camera, perfect for younger kids.
Amazing and just right!
i like
I love this camera for take and give photos, I just wish the lens was a little better to give a little sharper pics. It's ok, and I suppose that adds to the charm but I wish I would have bought the $150 one which gives a little nicer results.
Great little camera! Fun and easy to use! Perfect for all occasions!
Love it
Great and fun camera!
Love this camera, worth every dollar
Excellent!!!!
This was a birthday present for my 13 year old granddaughter. She loved it. I was surprised at how clear the pictures were.
Works great!
Bought this for my daughter's birthday.  She absolutely loves it!  Who would have thought kids today would like old school type cameras.  But it's cute and takes pictures almost like a photo booth but you don't have to be sitting in it.
Amazing Camera! Shipping was so quick! I ordered it on a Tuesday and it arrived on Thursday! I would definitely recommend!
Absolutely the best purchase I have ever made on Amazon. This is the coolest camera, and all of my friends are jealous! The film is a little steep in price, but I buy the film on Amazon so it's not so bad. But if you're thinking of buying this product, I recommend it! It's especially great for parties and wedding registry ideas.
i like it
LOVE this camera. It's so cute, and it's just awesome taking instant credit card sized photos.
love it just what I expected
Love my new instax mini it is adorable just like the picture I ordered the camera and the twin pack of 10 film things in each, got all of this for a great price can't beat that anywhere else, shipping was fast and my items arrived safe & sound :)
Amazing love it !
Love my new camera!
Im a photographer and this is one of my favorite cameras!
Fun little camera! My teenager loved it
Just received my camera and live everything about it! oh! And also amazing quality pics!!
Very easy to use! And it's fun!! Came very very fast also!
Cute fun
I purchased this camera and film for my granddaughter's 13th birthday, she loves it. Just wish the pictures were larger, like the old cameras.
Best purchase ever <3
My daughter absolutely loves it!
I love the camera, but I really ended it for a specific event and when we ordered it it said the camera would be on time and then we called and they ensures us it would make it in time for our event. But it didn't show up until 3 days after
I was looking for a camera to just take Polaroids and save them for memories. Then my friend showed me this one and i fell in love immediately. It's perfect. Photos are smaller than regular Polaroids but I think that's what makes them special and cute. Quality is fine. You have to realize is not a digital professional camera. But I love how old and vintage the photos look.
I love it! It's working very good. It is a good product! I recommend.
I am smitten with this Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Camera.  I owned a Polaroid instant camera as a teenager and used it all the time.  This camera is so cute and light.  I purchased the baby pink color.  The photographs are credit card size.  This camera is a great Birthday or Christmas gift.  You can use the photographs as place card settings at a dinner. You will love this camera.
Love the color so much
It's so cute! I am having a lot of fun with it. The pictures aren't perfect as the digital camera but they still look great.
Really glad I bought this polaroid. Went on a weekend trip to Philly with a few friends and brought this camera along. We had an awesome time taking some vintage looking photos. The film is about the size of business card, and the photos come out really beautiful! The camera senses the type of setting you're in and shows you what the camera should be on. Definitely saved us on wasting film. Really light weight, and beautifully made.
love this camera and works well. only thing i dont like is the auto-flash (yeah i know i know) cuz i actually like to adjust the light settings manually.
So glad that I bought it! Does exactly what I wanted and the price was right.
This camera is great! I've already snapped so many photos and it works very well. No problems at all. Easy to load and operate. One of my favorite purchases
Pictures come out so well! And it's adorable! The small size makes it easy to carry with you wherever you go!
love it
Love it!!!! So cute and perfect
I love it the color it so cute! the pictures come out so good!
Love The camera!
Great!
Love it cutest camera get so many compliments only down is not so great in dark areas
Amazing camera I love it!!!
(:
Love it
Instax mini 8 is great. I dont have any problen with it. But 'fujifilm' is not written at the write place as it is on original fujifilm instax 8. So i think it may not be original but its quality is good also shipping is fast and true color
Pictures come out beautiful. I bought this for my daughters future wedding and we tested it out and took a few photos. She loved them. Will use as a extra camera for the photos taken with props.
Great camera...love it!
Excellent conditions
I absolutely love this camera! I just got it yesterday and it is just wonderful so far. (: It looks so classy and take wonderful pictures. The setting help a lot too. Just don't forget to order film when you order this because its doesn't come with it. (:
So far no regrets! My daughter loves her camera. To me the photos are small and not very clearly focused, but my daughter likes the small size and believes the not-so-sharp image is what makes the photo look retro.
Fun little camera. Got exactly what I paid for and I am happy.
Fits the description
It was great!!
I am in love with this camera!! I was bugging my boyfriend about it an he got it for me as a birthday gift and its both the best choice and worst mistake he has made because it keeps me happy but my film supply is paid for by him :) everyone always has something cool to say when i take it to parties and everyone loves taking pictures so much sweeter than a camera phone
Super freaking cute~ for my 13 year old sister, and even for myself. I bought it originally for me since I was in love with these. My little sister wanted the blue one and I had originally at the end loved the yellow color. I love the pastel colors for the polaroid cameras! they make them even cuter with that e girly touch! I just bought a yellow one -lol 5/5 Product!
It is very simple to use, and is an eye catcher. I love to use it, It makes me really happy. Well worth the money. Don't buy it at Urban Outfitters.
It's super cute!! It is in perfect condition and my new favorite thing !!
It doesn't take pictures at the beaches, don't try you'll just waste film. But overall it's my bestfriend I love it.-Why take a picture with your phone and eventually delete it when you can freeze a moment and keep it forever. Yes, they are such things as digital but some people are too lazy to print them at a store that they store them in a computer and forget about them.  Why go through the same struggle when you can have it printed right then and there?
Great price! Love it!
Best purchase I've ever made. Absolutely love it!
I love this camera the photos are so clear and vintage looking
daughter loving her instant camera, very cute too :)
So cute!I love it! I can't wait to accessorize mine! It's also super easy to use and the manual gives good tips and is an easy read!
My daughter loves her new camera and is quickly learning how to become a great intstax photographer!
Was gift for granddaughter. She loved it.
Came super fast and everything was just perfect. Highly recommend it.
This is wonderful! I bought this for my daughter and she loves it!!!
I can't believe I wasted over $90 on this camera. I'm sure there is just something wrong with it. But when I got it last month, I got all excited for nothing. The camera wasted many of my films. It only takes pictures indoors when it's dark. When I tried going outside to take a picture with my friends, the film was just blank.
Surprised my daughter with this camera and she loves it!  I love all the different film options. Very easy to use and so much fun!
Perfect condition!
Great camera! So much fun, you just have to learn how to use it correctly. At first you may waste one, two, or three films (which are kind of pricey) trying to figure out how to use the camera. Do not open the back once you have inserted film!!!
I love this camera! It's just like a Polaroid but the pics are credit card size. It will be perfect for my event.
Awesome! Fast shipping...great quality!
I am having so much fun with my Mini! It truly was a great purchase.
Very cute, delivered on time, exactly what I expected. Took another rater's advice and purchased twin pack film, best deal.  Perfect for a 9 year old girl.
Was my granddaughters request but when it was paired up with the case and album it was more than she expected and is loving it.
I love my instax mini!
It was for my daughter who is 13 and she loves it. It certainly is a novelty item though. She has used it pretty much continuously. It is basically a polaroid type camera, just a little smaller.
Great! !!!!
Unfortunately it didnt work, I put the battery and did all the instructions on the paper but the adjustment lights keep blinking and the view light is red I tried new batteries but nothing changed what is more disappointing is that I shipped it internationally so it is hard to return it back also I dont know if I can trust buying another one and facing the same problem. If anybody have an idea on how to fix it pls help
I bought this to make decorations for my dorm room--it works great, the pictures come out really well (except sometimes when I take pictures of my kittens, but that's because they move so fast), and it only takes about 3 minutes or so for the pictures to develop. Only problem is that I can't figure out how to turn off the flash, but that's probably just me.
My daughter loves this camera!
This is a really cute camera , it doesn't come with film, (I read discription) but it took so long , it was supposed to come 5 days before but it had a delivery attempt which sucked, but it's a cute camera , I'll probably order film from here
This product is fun. The only thing that's annoying is the light setting. The camera change's it's preferred lighting often and you have to make sure you change it to that setting before taking the pic.
the kids loved it
I am so inlove with my camera!It's the best.
In  love with my camera! This camera shipped very fast! It's fantastic bought  this camera because I remember the 70's ! I will be taking this camera with me everywhere I go.  Only issue is that the film is very expensive, one dollar for photo.. But is you are a creative person this camera is for you, because is ideal for scrapbooking.
It is actually a really good camera! You can take really beautiful photos and they come out perfect. But I only have on complaint. When you take a photo of for example a sunset, and point directly at the sun, the photo doesnt reveal. And blue dots appear on the paper... :/
LOVE THE CAMERA. I wish the pictures were bigger but I did know that they would be credit card sized before I bought it so I shouldn't complain.Best money I ever spent. I've always wanted a polaroid but they are much to expensive, this is perfect.
Good.
i love it...
it was awesome
in love! This camera shipped very fast! It's adorable & such a lovely shade of pink! I will be taking this camera with me everywhere I go. The quality is great!
My sister loves it. The only thing she wants is to be able to turn the flash off sometimes
So happy I got this camera! Works well and isn't complicated to use. Been using it with my friends and my fiance. It just has that fun nostalgic feel to each photo. :)
LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera!  Perfect for any occasion! ♡♡♡
I received my camera on Wednesday & I ordered it on Sunday. It came super fast & it was padded real well. I've been debating on getting one but it's well worth the money! The only thing bad is how expensive the films are!! Save your films & buy when there around $13! Not $20!!! Super easy & I'm very obsessed with it ! Will be buying as gifts for people!
love love love it!!! and fast delivery..
Great value for $
Awesome little camera!! Its fun and easy to use. The small circle in the view finder in my opinion is not really centered when the actual picture comes out. Therefore aim slightly above the little circle and your pictures should come out just fine :)
Colors in picture are not good enough, picture size is too small & some times it gets stuck, not satisfy at all with this purchase
Bought this as a gift for my niece and she loved it... great gift for a teenage girl!
My sister loves it!! Better & cheaper price on here than urban outfitters!!
Had so much fun with this on vacation. Film quality isn't very good.  Lighting has to be just right.
Keep in mind it shoots out very very small photos
It produces pictures too small than my daughter thought!
This is such a fun camera and our four year loves to have pictures immediately, rather than wait for mommy to order them. I used the pictures from this and a "smashbook" for a guest book at my sister's baby shower recently. It was SO awesome!! The guests all took pictures with my sister and then decorated a page in the book and wrote a note for mama and baby for later on. Totally recommend this camera, it is so much fun.
I bought this camera and the blue case for my granddaughter for her birthday along with a variety of film. She loved it and immediately began to take pictures.  Great purchase for a 13 year old.
The camera is fun and I love making excuses to get a chance to use this :) my only complaint is that it's very hard to get a good picture indoors unless it's well lit. Even if the subjects come out well, the background might completely be dark. Or the background is fine but the subjects are freakishly bright. Also the flash is always on, haha. But I guess that's just how these Polaroids are so it's not really the Polaroids problem. Overall, it's doing exactly what I bought it for, so I can't complain :) it's lighter than I thought too
Came with batteries which was great and an adorable little wrislet so you can hold it on your wrist. The pink is such a pretty pastel, I regularly get comments on this camera. What a neat vintage idea this camera is!
I am totally in love with every photo that I take with it. It's very easy to operate and absolutely worth it.
Great, fun little camera!
Very trendy. Daughter loves it. Got to play around with distance and lighting so get extra film.
Very pleased
Easy to use & very handy to carry or in your bag. Fast startup.
its all fun time again with this camera XD small easy, of course the film is pain to pay off, but hey if u love fun stuff, and don't expected super high quality photo..its instant camera...mean to be a fun camera :D
excellent. was big into polaroid but couldnt afford the film from overseas thru impossible project. this is an even better alternative
This camera made me excited as a 5 years old child. I recommend everyone to buy it and enjoy the memories!!
Gave it a 4 star because I didn't know the pictures would come out so small but it's still a good camera and I use it would recommend if you dont mind the pictures being on the smaller side
nice product
great
Love how you can take a picture and have a concrete copy of it on the spot! The only downside to this is that the film is a bit expensive, but it's worth the fun you'll have with this camera. Super careful packaging when it arrived and on time too! Everything about this camera is amazing.
best thing i purchased !!
Perfect conditions and resonable priceing. Best camera i've bought.
its a hit!!! everyone loves taking mini photos!!!! great at parties!!
Love it! Film isn't too pricey either!
Its very hard to take a good picture. The instructions are not easy to follow. You wasted a lot of expensive photos to learn how to use the camera. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
Loved everything about this camera.  The pictures come out great! it really exceeded my expectations!
AMAZING! so cute! and so cheap! had to buy one for my friend and one for myself! the light sensitivity switch is a bit odd since that light on there doesn't move with you when switching to another mode but it works just fine, just a lil design flaw, not a product flaw. It's kid friendly and elderly friendly. anyone can use it and its pretty enduring. ONE SLIGHT DOWNSIDE: the peephole where you would look to take a photo of someone else is kinda off. sometimes the angle on point and some times its off. because the actual lens where it takes the photo is so far away on the camera from the hole you look through, the angles are gonna be slightly off all the time (better for selfies and closeups). but that is something that can be corrected over use and familiarity of how the angles work.
I Love ItI Love ItI Love ItI Am In A Honey Moon With My Camera!
Its soo cute i love it:)
Bought this as a gift for a teen. Been working well for over six months now.
The flash in the day time outside isn't nice but the overall quality is nice.
The best camera ever. It is great.
Super cute photos from a super cute camera. I get compliments on it and I am always asked where I got it. Although the camera feels almost toy like, the pictures look great!
This camera works well for taking pictures at birthdays, special events, and silly pictures with friends and family. I love how the film is cheaper for the polaroid instant film camera. I would definitely recommend this to someone who wants an instant print camera for fun. Totally worth what it's priced.
Good product,  fast shipping!
Was so happy to get such a good price and fast shipping,it was as said and pictured when revived, it was a present for a friend but she said she loves it. Very happy
I bought a camera like this 1 week ago and the print card is not in it. Please call me at 4352244388.Thanks.michelle nordmark
Good camera takes decent pictures the flash is not as bright as a you wanted it to be also turning it on you have to pull the camera lens which I think is not as smart because it may damage it but it does the job
I bought it as a present for my best friend and it was SO CUTE! Everyone who sees her with it end up wanting one too, me included!
We had a lot of fun with this camera at my wedding and we also have a nice archive of pictures that were pasted into the guestbook. I guess my only qualm about the product is that I don't imagine using it a lot in the future; it is large and the film is somewhat expensive, so it sits on our shelf for now—perhaps we will revisit it.
totally love this camera, super cute and super fun!
Love this. We are using this for taking pictures for a guest book at our wedding, and of course we had to give it some practice before the big day. We've thoroughly enjoyed taking pictures with it. The setting indicators are really helpful -- and so far they have always been correct. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun and easy way to take snapshots
Does its Job.
Two thumbs up 
I LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!It's the first polaroid I ever owned, and Im loving it. It's adorable, light weight, and easy to use. Play with the settings a bit, and get yourself familiarized.
Good
I bought this camera for my birthday, it came in as expected and in great shape! The only down side to it is Amazon gave me the wrong order. I ordered the original version camera and i have the recipes on amazon to prove my clame. Amazon unfortunately gave me the limited edition version which you can buy on Amazon, this disappointed me because i didnt care for the poka dotted arm strap, i just wanted the original arm strap version (limited edition was cheaper so didnt get fair sale). Also the labal on the front right ONLY says Instax mini 8. Ive done my research well enough to know its suppose to say fujifilm instax mini 8. The only reason why im giving this a 4 star is because it works great as original, its just not what i ordered. I still wish i had gotten what i paid for the original, but i guess this'll have to do.
used for our destination wedding photo booth and it turned out great
Love it! Cute and trendy camera.
Okay so this Polaroid is amazing. The shipping was fast and it was 100 dollars well spent( that's including two boxes of film and taxes). The quality is great. I wish I would have gotten a different color but that's my fault lol. It kind of looks too childish for me, I'm already 19 and look 16 but any who... It is super easy to use and I am so excited to use it this fourth of July weekend.
Awesome
Such a cool little invention! My daughter LOVES this thing, when she's a good girl I can get her film!
The Fujifilm instax mini 8 that I got was a Fake version of the original one from Fujifilm. The camera that I got looked exactly like to real one but it clearly said on the box that it was made in china -,- I was really upset. Fujifilm is a Japanese company and it makes no sense for it to be made in china. Also the lettering on the camera in the front does NOT say Fujifilm it just says instax mini 8 . I'm clearly unsatisfied with the product and sadly I had to return it.
It's so exciting and fun when taking pictures with this instax mini 8 camera! ;))The photos come out crisp, clear,  and very well detailed. Good for a very cheap price. Had to mess with some films a little to know how to control the lighting and composure, a tad bit difficult. Used about 17 films after just receiving it (so much fun!). The films are so pricey but it's worth the money. Cute yet very trendy right now, especially for the teens. Loving the vintage look, was hard to look for these kind of cameras nowadays.Edit: For people who are saying the fujifilm camera is fake, it clearly says fujifilm on the top where the picture comes out.
Love the cute camera. Saw it at a friends place, got it and it is so adorable.Everyone around me loves it too. Brings me back the old film camera days
Cool camera for fun pics. Not for taking a lot of pictures unless you have a lot of refills. Pictures are size of a credit card and good quality.
Bought this camera for my daughter's wedding reception. We heard of others using the camera for guests to snap their picture and hang them up. Kind of a different thing to do instead of a guest book. So after purchasing the camera and film, we really didn't know how to display the pics in a way that would please us. Decided the whole idea was stupid. As the wedding approached we were going to just ditch the idea. Since it was to late to return the camera we reluctantly decided to make something anyways. So we covered a foam board with photo album paper and added burlap lace over that, inserted the board in a 24 x 36 frame. We used spring loaded mini clothes pins to hang the pics. Figured that was the end of that....nope it was a huge hit. EVERYONE loved it!! The pictures are really cute and the guests had fun taking them. The camera was in demand the whole night and guests were waiting to get a turn. We just let it float around, no need to monitor it. The quality is not bad for a poloriod camera. (And we are a family of professional photographers.) The pictures are about the size of a credit card  and the camera is simple to use. Anyone can use it. So glad we did this, definitely recommend this camera!
Ahmazingggg.. i have been wanting one of these cameras for a while.. i had actually been looking for a vintage instant camera.. i saw this and fell in love... the pink is alot brighter online but i knew it would be and i wanted the more pastel pink! I love the matte finish of it too! It comes with batts and a strap also! It came super fast, a day earlier then i thought it would! they packaged it nicely and securely. I am so excited to take some great pics!
I gave it to my daughter as a present and she loved it. She would take pictures with her friends and the places she goes to. She would take pictures for memories and decorate her room. She said it was the best and its really easy to use. If you have a teen age daughter I would highly recommend it to you.
I bought this camera for an upcoming trip because I wanted something a little nostalgic that was easy to carry around. While it of course did not replace having a digital camera, it was fantastic. I'm still learning what the best settings for the light are, but so far I've gotten some amazing and unique photographs. Plus, I'm able to give pictures away to the people who are in them as a wonderful little souvenir. The film develops clearly and the camera is small enough and light enough to put in a medium sized purse. Children from elementary to teenage years think it is the most fascinating device and LOVE getting to watch the film develop and keep it. Although, after a week of camping it's looking a little worn. I don't mind, but if you're not one for dust or finger stains and don't want to have to wipe it down a lot I would recommend a case or a different color.
I absolutely LOVE my new fugifilm! I recently used it at a bridal shower for the photo booth and it is brilliant!! Everyone asked where I got it from. The only doenside is how expensive the film can be. The film goes fast because of all the fun to be had!! It is definitely a good time for people of all ages.
Love it! Got to my house very quickly, within a couple of days! Resonable price and the camera works great. Only knocked off a star because the white is a little bit hard to keep clean. Always touch it with clean hands.
What I really loved was how fast it came in ! I was going on a trip to disneyland and was hoping it would come in before I left and it did ! Very happy !
just wooow. i love taking pictures with my boyfriend with this camera they come out so perfect amazing memories to hold
I adore this camera. There is something so great about being able to take a picture and not being able to edit it or slap a filter on it. It just is what it is. The film size is also perfect for wallet photos too!
Color is good, photo quality is great. Cannot focus on objects too close to the camera (within 1 meter). Another problem is what you see in the viewer will shift a bit to the left on the photo.
Excellent product and I really liked my expectation filled the qualify because everything arrived as requested I really I liked all the pretty enough to recommend to all the community through Amazon not change. would recommend vendor to other to purchase their much needed items, i really like the service and the products that i have received.
My 11 yr. old son saved his money to buy this instant camera. He really has a blast using it. It's so easy to use. I'm considering buying one for myself. The pictures come out really neat. He loves it.
It's a very good camera you just need to take pictures in a very well lighted room so the pictures, good otherwise the dark and look like pictures from the 70s. Also the pictures are small so make sure that you are aware of how small the pictures
I love this thing. I am definitely not one of those canon camera type people. Don't get me wrong their pictures can be beautiful but I enjoy the convenience of not having to upload photos, fix them, send them, and pick up and pay process. Let me just say, I never develop them. Plus, if I want a detailed pictures to look at I'll just take it on my I-phone where I can control a lot more, duh.The quality of the pictures is really cute and slightly retro looking. The camera is always catching peoples attention especially because it looks like a little toy. And I have so much fun taking pictures with my friends. The only down side is you can't make copies of that one photo, I guess that's an upside too, you have fun trying to recreate that photo. This camera is also really convenient for travel, I think people wont try to steal it as much since it's not a professional camera. It's a reasonable price on amazon and if ever stolen the robber will have to spend more money to get more pictures.
I really like the item, it was in mint condition but I wish the film was included with the package instead of buying it separately
I LOVE IT SO MUCH!! THE COLOR IS SO BEAUTIFUL! ALSO IT CAME 4 DAYS EARLIER THAN WHAT I EXPECTED. I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PRODUCT! IM SO GLAD I BOUGHT IT!
I bought this camera for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it. It is nice size and just what we expected. Pictures come out nice as well.
I absolutely love this camera! It is just the cutest thing ever, and the picture's come out great! I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!
Camera was the hit of the party along with a variety of props....instant Photo Booth!  Everyone had a photo to take home to remember the event.
I have been looking for a polaroid camera for ages and well, a lot of them are pretty pricey. I have seen these cameras all over the internet and noticed that many people have been buying them. I decided to take it upon myself to purchase one as well and let me tell you... I was not disappointed. This camera is easy to understand and its cute! What more could you ask for? The pictures may be small but it is a MINI instant film camera for a reason.I say buy it now! It's great! <3<3<3
i ordered.this beautiful camera as a birthday gift for my daughter and it really arrived  on time so my daughter enjoyed it present and I am a very glad daddy. Thank you for this Good product and delivery.
once you recieve it is great but it did take forever to receive but it is very nice and alot of fun to use
I had major envy when my sister came home with this camera and its so AMAZING I had to get myself one. The look and feel of these photos are so cool and vintage i love them. Worth the buy for all ages.
amazing camera love how nice and clear the pictures come out is also a very good price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love the size small and cute
I love this little camera and it's a great camera. It's perfect for decorating and scrape booking. If you are into crafts and looking to create vintage look I would recommend this camera!!
This camera is very good quality for the price. I love the colour and the pictures come out great (just make sure you use the right setting)! The only downside is the price of the film but overall great purchase!!
I liked this camera a lot. Well, any Polaroid really. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that it's a mini. I would try to take a big group picture but it wouldn't get everyone. So I ended up selling it, since I couldn't return it, and bought a Hello Kitty Wide one and I have no regrets.
using at my wedding for a "photo table" item.. .and it is perfect! My colors are blue and white and it is perfect!
My youngest always wanted an instamatic film camera. Told her good luck because they don't make film anymore for them. (we have an old one). Surprise! After searching on amazon, found this one. It fit the bill because it also had to be pink. She really enjoys the camera and her friends have had fun sharing the pictures.
This thing is like my baby! The pictures are so fun. I got it as an alternative for my Polaroid Land Camera, since film is much more pricey for it than the Instax mini. Super good buy; the camera is light, adorable, very portable, and easy to use. The only thing is when I switch modes, the light doesn't move too. It still functions the same though :*
absolutely love this! shipping was super quick and the camera was packaged well! also the camera is amazing! loved that it came with batteries :)love love love <3
Arrived a day early and in good condition. I was worried it would be too small at first but it's actually just the right size! All I have to do now is wait for all my film to come in tomorrow!
I love it so much!!! People and my peers compliment my camera a lot. I'm so glad i purchased this item. Keep up the good work!
I went on a vacation and my son really wanted to take a picture of the beach so he went up on the balcony WITH THE FILM INSERTED and took a picture that never faded in i think its a waste of money.also the way you hold it you have to put your finger on the front of the camera which will cover the flash, or make it horizontal, I really dislike this camera and think no body should buy it.
It arrived a day before the estimated time it was delivered. I love how small and light the camera is. I thought it would be bulkier and wider but the size is really nice. I hope to take a lot of photos to make some memories. Going to be a new hobby from now on. I just hope to get reasonable priced film for it in the future.
I bought this for my 8 year old daughter who wanted a Polaroid camera for her birthday.  After doing some research, I discovered that the film for the Fuji is much less expensive, even though the camera itself is a bit more than Polaroid. She loves the size of the pictures & adores the pink color.  I am beyond satisfied with this purchase!
the color of camera is very nice, it a good camera, I think you will like it, just the film a little bit expansive.
Love the camera, its easy to use my granddaughter is having a ball with it and now her friends are buying them too.
I got this camera as a gift for my girlfriend and she loved it. It is a very nice and simple camera that is very fun to use. We been using it pretty much all the time and it does take some nice photos. I would highly recommend this product to anyone !
Good. The style is awesome. The product has been easy to use. Looking forward to capturing more photos in the future.
i love it! great packaging and cant wait to capture memories.
Nice product and great color! Bought it for my girlfriend and she loved it. It is kinda heavy, but useful!
I have no issues with this camera. The color is beautiful and it takes pretty good pictures. It is also simple and fun to use and very nostalgic.
Prefect gift for any pre-teen/ or teenager. Takes great pictures. There's a variety of different film borders that can be purchased.
I love my new fuji camera, I missed having these around. It really does help catch that one exact moment
I purchased this camera in the pink shade. I heard so much about this cameras all over the internet. I love the idea of snapping a photo and it comes out right away. This camera is pretty easy to use, there's only two buttons (start, and snap). You can twist the lens to adjust the lighting (which can be tricky to figure out in the beginning). Sometimes if the lens aren't adjusted to the proper light setting, the photos may come out too bright or too dark. Another defect is, whatever view/angle you see in the lens, the photo comes out slightly shifted to the left, because of the placement of the lens (you look into) and the camera lens possibly because of different locations on the device itself. This camera comes with a wrist strip and two batteries. (No film is provided, you must purchases separately). Overall, I love my camera! It is perfect for the summer time, captures every moment under the sun.
I got this for my roommates birthday and this was so cute! She kept telling me how much she loved it, definitely recommend.
Skeptical at first but its officially clear that I'm in Love this instant camera! Although film is practically a dollar per photo its definitely worth it. Since you have a hardcopy for yourself you can keep your photos in an album or wallet for years.The sizes of the photo are quite small (wallet size) but thats what makes them adorable. I took a selfie and gave it to my boyfriend and he loved it and decided to keep the photo in his wallet. I love how its easy to use to camera and its pretty lightweight. Worth every penny and wonderful for keeping those special memories. I love how this camera make everyone look good. Regardless how awful you make look this camera filter is somehow able to make someone ten times better looking. Make sure not to waste your film as much. I only take photos on special occasions or date nights:)
This camera is so easy to use and so much fun. The best part is getting the pictures right away! I'm so used to taking pictures on my iPhone and never getting them developed but now I can take a fun picture and have it that instant...so cool
Love this camera.  It's mini pics are just adorable and it's portable as well.  I am thrilled with the quality and the nostalgic feeling it gives me.
Purchased for bridal shower, wedding, etc and really love using this camera. The photos turn out great just learn how to use the light settings
What a fun camera this is!  Photos come out clear and are a great size for shoot-and-take photo memories!  The camera was recommended to me by a photographer friend and I am happy I followed her advice!
This instant camera was just what I expected it would be: cute and brings people together! My friends loved it and we have such a great time in parties taking pictures. Everyone wants to have one, haha. Just be sure to adjust to the right/recommended aperture setting or your picture will be ruined.
I love it! I've always wanted a polaroid, and this is perfect. It's super portable and the mini film is so cute! I like to decorate my walls with them. I get worried about getting the camera dirty though, since it's white. But it's actually still very clean, just don't be rowdy with it and what not. The only thing that sucks is that you have to be careful with the lighting! Sometimes a picture will come out completely white or black if the setting isn't correct. This isn't one of those automatic things, so be sure to set it correctly!
I am in love with my new camera. I take it every where I go. It is great for capturing moments in a new way.
I got it delivered really quickly and was so so so so excited when I did. It's light weight so I can carry it everywhere and I even bought a little messenger bag to carry it in. The film comes out quick and the pink color is really settle. Would get this again for a friend.
I bought this instant film camera because she has been bugging me about a polaroid camera. I bought this one in particular because of the reviews. Overall she is very pleased with it.
i do NOT recommend this to anyone! i got it a week ago and it has been broken for half the time ive got it, so about 3 days. there are dots all over every photo that comes out. DO NOT BUY
My fiancé bought this for me and I am obsessed! I already had the 210 for about two years but I wanted the mini to take to parties and such. I just took it to our birthday party and everyone loved it! It was a huge hit! The blue color is my favorite and I know I will get so much use out of this!
Pictures come out too blurry or too light depending on where you are (indoor or outdoor).  I also don't like how awkward it is to handle.
I have been missing my Joycam for many years, so as soon as I saw the Instax Mini, I knew I had to get one. Taking pictures are so much fun even though the film is kind of expensive. Makes a great gift - especially for yourself!
awesome and extremely adorable camera! love the pink color option. highly recommend to anyone interested in an instant camera :)
Came in brand-new, the color is so cute, like a chalky pale yellow. takes the cutest pictures. the settings are quite tricky but i think after using two packs of film, i finally got it.
Got it as a gift from my friend and I LOVE IT! Its super easy to use and prints out great pictures! Its really dummy proof and takes amazing pictures!
I've always wanted an Instax Mini and the price kills!!! <///3 UNTIL I FOUND THIS HOT JACKPOT! It's really worth the price and you'' really have fun with the item, no lie! I'm out of words, awesome gift for my birthday! :3
Works as it should, pics are a bit small but I knew from the beginning so  i'm fine with that.
I really loved it. It's light, easy to use and you can put it in your handbag !. It's perfect as a present, and it's a easy way to make a quick and unforgettable memories.
Purchase N See. I love photography a lot. Captures good pictures.. I wish the film was a bit cheaper. I still like it overall
I bought this camera for my 8 years old daughter as a gift, she loves it! It is easy to use and the pictures are great!
Love it! Cute and light way easy to snap a quick pic of you and your friends or anything else
Such a great little instant camera!  Easy to use, sturdy, and cute to boot.  When I first ordered mine it was defective - the film came out only partially developed as if something was internally blocking it or there was uneven pressure on the rollers, so I just returned the camera.  Sadly I wasted a half a box of film on it (silly me) but strangely enough the first camera came with film already inside of it and my new camera did not...weird right?  I returned it & my new one works great.  Overall I would say do NOT buy at Urban Outfitters, way too overpriced (as everything there is) and customer service here is probably better anyway.  Also be careful not to snap away because film goes quickly - I buy mine in bulk.  Happy instax-ing!
Perfect!!! Great addition to our wedding...wish film was cheaper :/ it was almost as much as the camera when I was done paying though
camera was in perfect condition. worked great my girlfriend loved this gift good for memories in scrap book may be a little big to walk around but good for trips
Very good. Such good quality. Should come with film though. Either way it's a must get camera. Very good camera.
I ordered the Instax Mini 8 a few months ago because I liked the idea of a physical copy in your hand in an instant. I found myself not using it as much as I wanted but I still recommend this camera to anyone who likes photography and wants that vintage look this camera gives. The cameras have a matte finish and I would recommend finding a case and a neck strap. The prices vary, so if they are high, wait awhile and they might go down.
Pros:+ Looks pretty nice+ Was the cheapest, yet most quality among polaroid cameras+ Feels quite sturdy and can probably take a lot of drops+ Compact and can easily be carried around+ Pictures come out quite nice though sometimes blurryCons:- Even though its focused, sometimes it can come out a little blurry- It doesn't come with any film, you have to buy it separately- The counter for packs of film is messed up on mines, it counts 1 more than I actually haveExtra Info:I bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it.  Not much else to say about it. 4/5 for the messed up film counter
If ur looking for a cute new modern fujifilm Polaroid this is it!! I see so many pink and white versions. But the yellow one is a great spring and summer color to carry around and snap cute pictures with ur friends or selfies hahaha
Yes the film is costly but it always makes you pause before you capture a moment so you only save your precious memories on print. And there is no better feel than getting the image in hand as soon as you capture it!
Price was right and camera is easy to use. I went onto YouTube to see how to load and use. Nothing tricky about it.Small size print but was perfect to add to album. To center subject move camera to right and down just a bit.
I absolutely love this camera. I thought it was going to be difficult to manage but it was fairly easy. I absolutely love it and so does my friends and family
This camera was so great and lasted through four cartridges while I was in Europe and now it won't work anymore. I put a new cartridge in and it keeps spitting out the film!! I can't get it to stop and I can't find anything about this problem online. No idea what happened. I kept this in the same protective bag as my nikon.
The camera works great and is true to color, but it took me a while to get it too work... I wish that the instructions were clearer, which is ridiculous considering how simple a camera it is.
i love it i received it very fast, takes great pictures only downfall as usual is that the film is quite pricey but overall great camera im happy i bought it!
I love it...not just because pink is my favorite color...it's because it's so cool...I use this camera at first time in Mothers Day Celebration it was fun to use..I really enjoyed it..thank you so much ^_^
I bought this camera on a whim and I love it! Anytime I go somewhere like a theme park, or somewhere special, I take it with me. The instant little pictures are a lot of fun and bring some playfulness to the days. They also fit just right in a smash book compared to regular photos!
Great item would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a cool gift. Check me out the mini film for it
Early b-day giftOrder this product Monday and came in Saturday on standard shippingSuper fast shipping. Highly recommended to all film lovesCamera works fantastic !! No problemsPictures came out beautifullyCan't wait to buy another one for my niece and my sister in law .
I received this a few days after ordering it and it was so cute !!!!! Fast shipping, very fast !!!! Picture quality is pretty good for an instant camera on the go. My little sister loved it, We both love the color, bright yet still pale, just enough pop of color. Thank you !!! Will buy again !
only had it for several days and have only taken 3 pics. the pictures are very clear for as small as they are (but I knew they were credit card size when purchasing camera).  so far I love it.  I think it will be fun for parties, reunions, etc.
i have been looking at this camera for 2 years now, to make sure i didn't buy something that would break the next day. but it is the most wonderful thing! it has a almost toy like appearance, gives good photos, easy to handle, and very portable! i fell in love with film cameras all over again with the first shot i took :)
This will allow me to enjoy instant pics and give them out immediately.  Not like the old instamatic polaroid but it works.
A great little flash back from the retro daysFilm breaks down to almost a dollar a shot, but hey, a picture is worth a thousand words. I recommend YouTubing videos of pros who have used the camera enough to learn all of its little tips/tricks. IE, working with the flash, the frame adjustment.. ect
The purchase of this item brought everyone back to "the old days."  It worked very well and the younger kids at the party (for which we bought the item) were amazed to see the photos magically appear.  We will definitely be using it regularly.  The size of the pictures was fine (I have seen smaller pictures from a similar version).  Purchasing from Amazon was also less expensive than what I had seen at local retailers.
I installed everything I took the first pic and the cover came out, but after that any film came out, what is wrong?
Not much has changed since that old Polaroid I had when I was a kid... I got this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it.  It works the same as the old Polaroid Instant, but the pictures are considerably smaller... probably 1/2 to 2/3's the size... and the film is still expensive.  But she's having fun with it and as long as we don't end up in the poor house buying film, I'd say it was a great little gadget.
I love the camera i had no issue with it, fast delivery ordered it on sunday got it on wednesday (and that was with standard shipping) uhmm i wrote this review on films and id figure that after u buy the camera u deal with the costly issue with films so hear is my review "Sooo, 5 stars i got what i wanted just as is advertised- but heres the better deal, On Amazon! They sell a twin pack (20 films) for 13.40, I being the curious one decided to try out all film packs they r selling and decide what is the best choice. Sooo they sell a 100 pack for 84.50, if u buy the twin pack (5quantities , 100 films) it would only be 67$. Wow. They sell a 40$ pack for 32.95, if u buy 2 twin pack (2quantities, 40 films) it would be 26.80! , they also sell a 50 pack (this item) which cost 36.75, But i found out after purchasing that if u buy 3 twin packs (3quantities, 60! Films) its 40.20, pretty much 3-4 bucks for 10 more films. So yea overall i learned that buying the 13.40 twinpack (20 films) is always the better way to go. (I hope this helped) ! <3 love the product. I also bought a pink case from caiul about 27$ its a good case. Love tht tooo lol anyway!" Hope this helps!
Bought this camera because I wanted to have some fun with my family.  The pictures are small (which I already knew) but SUPER cute!!!  It's solidly built and easy to use.  Plus, it's kind-of old school coming from the digital age!!  Frankly, I purchased this over polaroid because of the reviews- and I'm super happy with it!!  Film is reasonable too- another purchasing factor!  And the colors it comes in are cute for younger people.  Picture quality is great.
My grand-daughter asked for this camera for her 13th birthday.  Since she is of the age that has never had to purchase camera film I question her about that issue and the expense of the film.  Of course at 13 or almost 13 she still wanted the camera.  Since receiving it she has made small scrapbooks of pictures of her friends and seems very happy with the camera.  I have found film makes good gifts for holidays such as Easter etc.Now would I want this camera of course the answer is no, but for a kid, sorry teenager guess it's fun.
Photography is a hobby of mine and this vintage version will be a nice addition.  The credit card size photos are charming and have the look that brings back nostalgic memories.  I have always wanted an instant camera and like that this camera is smaller than others, although the Instax 210 looks cool too.  The pictures I've taken have turned out better than I was expecting and the few available settings seem to work well.  Framing a picture also seems easier than I thought - just keep in mind the viewfinder and lens will capture slightly different views, especially when you are close to your subject.  The flash fires with all pictures taken, so I've read other reviews recommending the use of white electrical tape over the flash to prevent parts of the photo from being too overexposed.
This is so much fun at a get-together!  Instant pictures that are good!  Everyone wants their own copy of the pictures!
This camera is cuter and more fun than it looks or is described on the net.It makes super sharp and colorful prints that are so fun to keep or give away.  It looks adorable and starts conversations at parties.  It is a lot less bulky or heavy than the original Polaroid cameras of old.  Even in this age of digital and cell phone cameras, there is nothing more fun than an instant camera that produces the shot in less than a minute.  Yay!
It's lightweight almost makes the product seem like a joke. But it's ok. it works... but i tried and wasted a couple frames on this camera..This camera cannot take close up photos very well (1ft - 2ft) and the VIEWFINDER IS MISLEADING. My advice: when you press the shutter button, hold your position for another 5 - 10 seconds. the quality of the photos aren't as clear and vibrant as i had hoped. the photos on the advertising is WAY OFF. but it's fun. and still a good idea for scrap booking.
I love it!! Pictures come out perfect & vintage! The only drawback is the amount of film you have to continuously buy. Luckily the film is relatively cheap
Cute, handheld. Remember to always go with their suggested setting for lighting or at least change it because the picture won't turn out well.
I love this camera! It's definitely one of the cutest and best purchases I made. The pictures turn out so nice. Like it's not possible to look bad in one of these pictures lol. The camera came on a Friday and I placed the order on a Monday! On top of that I used free shipping. Oh and btw it does not come with film. That's something I wondered when ordering it but I purchased my own separately. But overall I am in love and I can't wait to start capturing more memories with this camera.
Used this for a party and everyone loved it.  It's been so long the older generations has long forgotten about it and the younger generations are fascinated by having a photo printed right then and there.
This Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (Blue) is so cute, I bought it for a party photo booth and the pics taken were sharp and the colors were  bright.
Used camera at party in a photo booth and everyone loved the instant view of photos. Very Happy with outcome.
It was a blast using and giving photos to friends but it broke the third time using it. The camera would turn on and then continually snap photos and waste a whole cartridge of expensive film.  It was to late to return it, nothing on the internet to trouble shoot my problem, and no one to talk to get a new camera or my money back.
My daughter wanted one for her birthday even though I told her that it was not worth it when she has an IPhone and a digital camera.  But, she wanted one anyway.  This is not like the polaroids we used to have back in the day.  It's made of cheap plastic and takes little pictures with the expensive film.  The pictures are not even full size pictures.  So, in my opinion, it's a waste of money.
I got this for my upcoming wedding and took a test shot of my kitty.  It's going to be perfect for my guest book!
Can't seem to get the correct lighting desired in any of my photos, but I love that it is instant and the photos are cute. Wish there were more "light leak" type coloring in the prints instead of just a regular "overexposed" or underexposed which are typically just black to white. Do wish they were a LITTLE bigger, and though there is a bigger fujifilm instax camera, I already find this one is pretty large. The other camera is a little crazy in size and pretty impractical for me.
the color is what i expected and it is really really cute!! just waiting for the films to come and i will try it out
While digital photos are great there's something about having physical prints to hold onto.  It's a wonderful experience to go through shoe boxes of photos with friends and family.  Being able to create those pictures with an instant camera and your kids dds to the fun (and silliness).When Polaroid went the way of the dinosaur I was worried that we wouldn't ever have an instant camera to use as our boys grew up.  This camera filled void and has been great.FunEasy to useNice quality picturesI have recommended this camera to all of my friends with kids and those who have gotten it love it as much as we do.
Good service!
This is a terrific camera.  Well made.  Takes fairly good pictures for what it is.  These little mini pics are adorable.
i purchased this camera purely based on the reviews without much thought to the utility.however, it turned out to be a great product. I used it when I met my friends and they liked it a lot.my friends got excited and kept all the snaps as souvenirs and they planned to buy the same cameraThe camera works favorably in all the conditions, care to be taken for the light.Works great in the sun light and even in the dusk. During nights, ensure there is full light all over.All-in-all its worthy and you can have some good nice important memories :)
Great little camera for new school polaroid. Took on a cruise when we first got it and works perfect for what we got it for.
I really like this camera! it is so cute and the quality of the pictures is great! I'm glad I purchased it!
I am so excited to receive my fabulous camera!! Not only is it much cheaper then it is at urban outfitters but it's an awesome camera to have!! All my friends love them! I can't wait to receive my white camera!I ordered this yesterday so my shipment is still being processed but this company is awesome to order from I accidentally ordered two of them instead of one (whoops) and they were so quick in responding to me and canceling one of the cameras for me, they were extremely helpful and very nice! I would definitely order this camera and from this company as well!
It's everything it says it is. It's really good and the pictures are so cute, they look really old fashioned.
Got this as a gift for my younger cousin & she absolutely loves it! Would recommend it to anyone that wants a camera without all that extra weight. Was expecting it to be really tiny, but thank goodness it isn't. Suits her very well for a petite girl. A must buy if you don't want to have a bulky camera.
I freaking LOVE this camera. I use it when I go to parties and all my friends love it and want one now. It's super simple to use.
This Fuji mini polaroid is so adorable.  It takes me back in time when polaroid's were popular.  It's easy to use and the pictures are a mini version of what we were used to.
I love how affordable this camera is and how good it is with its job.I took a couple of pictures with it and I love the sentimental value attached to every special picture captured. It's a more different experience compared to just taking loads of snapshots with your phone, not filtering out really what are the best moments.So far, it feels durable. I'll have to have the camera for a couple months to really tell. But thankfull I have the mini zippered case for the instax.Oh by the way, DON'T FORGET TO ADJUST THE SLIDER! I mistakenly forgot to do  that and my picture was washed out!
I'm so glad I got this Camera it's so cute I got the blue one and I use it all the time. I got a clear case so I can still see the past blue color. It takes great outdoors photos just remember to change it to sunny or cloudy.  Very easy to take photos it's basic stuff turn on off and snap button. Very light not heavy I have a strap that go around my neck. It comes with a cute strap the color of the camera.
I'm using these camera for guests at my wedding to snap photos for my quest book and to keep for themselves. Also, after using I can see myself snapping these photos at every family get together or party. It's really fun to use and the photos came out great. Way more than i expected.
I love this camera! It's so easy & fun to use. My only complaint is the cost of the film but other than that the pictures are amazing quality for this little thing. I can't wait to take it on vacation with me! Definitely a must have for any teenager even adults trust me you will love it.
Arrived on time and works like a charm. It's so cute and the perfect camera to carry around with you. My first Polaroid came out looking great and had very good quality.
My best friend has a pink one. We take photos a lot and I love it. The camera looks cute in pink.
my sons were amazed at the pictures that came out right away, and quality on the credit card sized photo paper was excellent!
Great little camera! So much fun to play with! Wish there was a timer on it though. Besides that awesome!
So excited i ordered this! Absolutely no regrets! Loving every moments with this camera! My sister wants one and can not wait to get her one.
this camera is durable, cute, fun, easy to use, and a great way to keep memories. whenever i bring it out at get-togethers its always a big hit and everyone wants a picture. i do recommend watching youtube tutorials on how to work the camera so you wont waste as much film. dont forget to set it to the right setting before taking a picture! i've been having lots of fun with this device. the only con is that no stores sell it around me besides urban outfitters (which is expensive) so i have to buy it online, but whenever im down to my last pack i know to buy another one. this is such a great deal and im glad i didnt settle for any other price. if youre trying to find the best price for this camera, buy it here. you wont find a better deal!
This camera is great. I was looking into the instax for awhile just never actually bought one so I'm very glad I went ahead and picked one up
i love my camera it is so cute and handy ! the pink is gorgeous! i would recomment ot every girl who loves pink!
Fits perfectly and matches the Fuji camera just fine. The colrs are a perfect match as well. Provides good protection
Everyone should own one at some point in their lives. I like unplanned photographs and cameras that make sounds. Imperfection is more fun to look at.
It's very useful for me. I can use it to record the beautiful memories. It's really good! Awesome! Excellent! U can buy it now!
I was hesitant to buy this camera, as I was a kid the last time instant film cameras were popular. They didn't take great pictures, and the film was expensive. I'm a camera junkie though, so I didn't want to miss out on trying it.As the mom of a toddler, I figured taking pictures of her with it was out of the question. I was totally wrong. This camera takes pictures very quickly, and we haven't had a blurry one yet. Plus, she is mesmerized by seeing the picture come out of the camera. I can't wait until she is a little older, and can take some pictures with it herself.In an age of photos that live on hard drives, there is just something so fun about having your picture instantly. We've already created a board to hand them on, and I love looking at it and seeing the pictures we've taken each day.
It was really nice and exactly the way I expected it to be since I watched a bunch of reviews on YouTube and read a lot of reviews before buying this camera. Batteries are included which is a plus. The strap is a decent length, but most of the time when I use my camera, I don't use the strap. The camera is really nice and everything was perfect.
By far the Best purchase I've made in a while!:) I love love love love this camera! I take it every where and capture cute moments of my everyday life to remember :)
It is a gift for my friend. But my friend told me that she didn't receive it. Sorry it was long time to repl, because I just knew it.
Received it right on time.  Have only used it to take 3 pictures so far.  Saving for a wedding in May.
I originally bought this camera for my self but my sister in laws birthday came up and I decided to give it to her she loves it and I decided to get my self a white one.these cameras are great for family or friend eventsto capture all the great momentyou wont regret buying this!
I had a Polaroid when I was younger, but now that they don't sell film for it, it is very expensive. So I found this and the film is very affordable! Love the color and just love the product itself.
I love this camera! Despite it being around 67 dollars at the time of purchase, I bought this on impulse. However, I do not regret it. I love this camera and it has quickly become a favorite item. I bought this camera on April 3rd, and received it two days later on April 5th around evening using Amazon Prime, FedEx shipping. It came right on time for the event I was hoping to use it for! Now, I wish that there was a timer on it, or that flash was optional, but otherwise it's fine. The fact it's so cute is another plus! The pictures literally are the size of a credit card, I compared it myself! Make sure you are wary of lighting, flash is automatic, and if it's really cloudy outside, the pictures may or may not look right, although the mood does adjust based on lighting. Be careful of what you take pictures of, because pictures print instantly and you don't want to waste film, which can be expensive (usually 11-30 dollar range). This camera can only hold 10  photos at a time, which is why most packs come in packs of 10, but some packs come so you buy 20 or more, usually at a higher price but may be worth it if you don't want to keep buying more film each time you finish 10. Despite it's cute, almost toylike appearance, I wouldn't give this camera to a child. At least not to a non responsible one. The camera isn't really small so it's not something you can stash in a pocket and go, but it will fit nice in a decent sized purse, or in a backpack. I recommend this camera very much!
Wonderful quality, easy to use and a very pretty color. Nothing unexpected or unwanted. Came as expected, a great purchase!
Works perfect indoors or in very shaded areas but if you try and take pictures outside while it is sunny the pictures do no develop correctly. Only the darks in the picture would show up and everything else would be white.
I really like this little cute camera! I brought this camera for my best friend's birthday present and she love it so much! The product came on time and the quality is pretty good. I recommend this product.
Fujifilm Instax Mini was everything I was expecting and more, absolutely love this camera. I would definitely recommend buying this!
Amazing. Takes great pictures! It has lots of settings to play with. Comes out instantly. Only thing is it doesn't come with film.
i wanted the pink one because it just reminds me of a camera i saw my cousin have. its just cute and the pastel pink is what i was looking for. i purchased this for nostalgic reasons. completely happy with it but film costs a lot.
This camera is easy and fun for the family.  It's just like the old camera when I was a kid.  Point, shoot the picture and out comes the film and develops right before your eyes! The camera appears to be well built, time will tell.I would recommend this for the kids!
It's a pretty neat camera! Was exactly what I expected. The only bad thing I have it say is that the camera takes pictures slightly to the right which does get annoying because sometimes you can't take the pic you wanted, it just takes a few times to get used to it and after that you should be fine.
Pretty handy camera to have. 👌 Perfect for wallet pics to carry around fun or cute pics with you too.
For paying $70 for this really cool looking camera, I thought the quality of the photos would be a little nicer.
this is perfect.  doesnt look as cool as the other one, but perfect easy to use and no problem with it at all. worth getting on amazon with the discount since everywhere else is full price.  its  atad chunky and looking through the viewfinder can be tough (esp drunk)
Good product bought it as a gift lets see what happens after a few uses see I'd it holds up
I love it! Super cute and the photos come out great. I just wish the film wasn't so expensive. Almost feels like a toy and it might break but it's been working fine for the past few months.
I bought this as one of my fiancee's gifts this last Christmas and she just loves it. It's awkwardly large compared to your modern cameras, but the pictures it delivers are retro and fun for projects. Every time we use it someone mentions how they love it and they need one right away. People are always asking us to take a photo of them.
It is a party hit every time!  Worth it just to get instant photos to be able to give to friends
The camera arrived well on time in exactly the color as shown on the pictures. Camera difficult to find in this color elsewhere at a reasonable price.
Bought this camera for our PTA to  use at events and it has been a huge hit!  Kids are amazed.  Camera works great.  Very simple.
I never thought this camera was going to be the success it is with my children. They are enjoying it. Perfect condition and perfect transaction. Highly recommended vendor!
This camera is so much fun! We bought it for our kids to take on a trip for scrapbooking along the way. It was so perfect for instant pictures for them to see and be able to put in their books right away. Fantastic!!!
Not only does this have an air of nostalgia, I just love the pastel yellow color I got which also seems retro, and it's fun to take to events and the photo's turn out well.
I love it! Its amazing!!! Fun to have around for special occasions and especially for trips! Definitely worth your money!
Very good câmera is the best!!!!! Love much, I want to buy more colors.... Is fast and fun. J'adore :)
This camera is great for gatherings!I can't go anywhere without it.It is so fun and easy to use.
This was a birthday gift for our high school son and he loves it. It takes great pictures and is easy to operate.
I love my camera so much! I get many complements too, but i don't like to buy the films too pricy. );
Did not have to wait a long time before I received it, brand new as described, great product! Looking forward to more adventures with this baby.
Purchased this camera because a friend had one and pulled it out one day at a social function and starting taking pics of us and others, but than gave us our printed picture right at that moment! Updated version Fujifilm has come up with of the old polaroid. Whenever I am out taking pictures most people love that I can hand them their picture right there.
people often forget what kind of camera they are buying when they purchase this - it DOES require the instax instant film, so don't forget to buy a pack or two when ordering! i had originally wanted the pink version, but it was easily twenty dollars more. i'm glad i got the white as it's much more classic and i know i won't be as obsessed with keeping it spotless.this camera is absolutely adorable! it's very easy to use and you won't even need instructions to set it up as it's pretty self explanatory. it tells you what setting to put it in and everything, very simple. the film develops in a few minutes. i knew exactly what i was getting myself in to with this camera and for that reason i am very happy with my purchase!
I would surely recommend this product to others. Its a great Camera that takes clear photos. There is a light that tells you what setting to use before taking a quick snap of your subject. The pictures are a great size, im glad i started scrap booking again. The only thing is, there is no actual zoom, so you do hat=ve to be close to your subject. Other than that, its pretty awesome.
I love this camera. I wanted the pink one but the white one was considerably cheaper until after I bought it, then the pink one was cheaper.
Great product got here on time and my gf loved it as a birthday present. If your looking for a reliable instant camera this is it!
If you loved classic polaroid photos this is your dream instant photo camera! I love it so much, I get to snap super cute pics of my son and get them instantly in my hand to put up!
I bought this for my cousin on her 12th birthday so she could instantly capture and print memories with her friends. She's loved the gift -- there are lots of different instax film packs you can buy for it (Mickey Mouse, for example) and even little frames and albums that are the perfect size for the prints. Great gift.
It was kind of bulky to use and I couldn't get good pictures. Pictures either too light or too dark and some pictures with 3 people ,one would come out white faced.
This camera was exactly what I hoped for. It came on time and it was exactly what was advertised. Couldn't be happier with the product.
This camera works great! It's a bit larger than I thought it would be, but is easy to hold, point + shoot.I have yet to use it in natural light, but the flash does a good job of illuminating dark or indoor photos.I don't have any complaints.
I use it when I hang out with friends/family, and everyone loves it. It makes me happy that I can give a picture to other people right away, and see how happy they are. It might not work that well when the light is not perfect, there is a light to indicate which mode to use basing on light, but sometimes it changes too frequently I can't seem to make the best choice. I might just need to be more patient at this. Overall, I love it!
I purchased this camera for my 14 year old granddaughter for her birthday.  She loves it.  Easy to use and pictures come out just as expected.
You have to be careful I repeat HAVE TO BE CAREFUL with the sun You can easily waste film if its too bright even if you adjust the dial the photo will end up white . Also DO NOT open the back where the film goes it will completely mess up the order of film you have left I was very curious as to what happens if I opened it and messed up the order I had 4 pictures left and the dial said 8 ! Very frustrating. Over all very great camera :)
This camera is perfect. The color is very kawaii and the pictures are easy and fun to take. Absolute perfection!
I bought it for my daughter's birthday. She is having a lot of fun with the camera. That's all I have to say!
I was disappointed because I thought the pictures would be bigger and brighter. The best pictures must be close up ones.But, as I`ve always wanted an instant camera, I`ll go on trying to learn how to use it properly.
Definitely suited my purposes of having photos in hand whenever I want to send one to a friend. I wish the flash wasn't more controllable and the instructions were more clear.Otherwise it's a good camera.
I bought this little gem along with a scrapbook, multipack film, glue sticks and a set of multicolored, fine tip sharpies.  It was the prefect combo for my 40th birthday party.  The camera was such a hit and everyone was so excited to see a throwback form the good 'ol days.  The pictures are small which is perfect for my 12x12 scrapbook.  One problem I had was I had to reel people in when they yelled "doover!"  No, no, no...the film is not cheap and it's not a smartphone.  Funny how times have changed.  Great fun for the price....you won't regret it.
It was packaged so nicely!When i got it, it was smaller than i had expected, but it was still really cute. I love this camera so much.
Used this as well as a 7S at my moms 60th birthday party to add pictures to a scrap book.  People loved it and were taking pictures all night!  Will also use it for the guest book at my wedding in 3 months.
I had wanted one of these cameras for ages and was thrilled when I saw how cheap they are now, so I went for the light blue camera. The camera arrived in pristine condition with a really cute box. It also came with a camera strap (with strap holes on both sides of the camera) and two AA batteries. The camera does not come with film (you have to buy that seperately, the twin packs run at about 13 bucks for 20 exposures) but the camera is very aesthetically pleasing and makes it fun and easy to take pictures. It produces credit-card sized photos that are super cute and fun to carry around. If you're looking for a camera that produces larger photos you might wanna go for an Instax Wide instead but this is a really fun camera and I'm very glad I finally bought one. Would definitely reccomend!
Takes suprisingly great pictures. Is extremely compact and super freaking cute. The film Is a little expensive but is well worth it. All around great buy.
I was anxiously awaiting the arrival of this camera, and I was mot disappointed. It came well packed, as pictured/described, and delivered ahead of schedule. I only wish my film would have came the same day, so I could start snapping away immediately.
I really wanted to get a Polaroid instant camera but it (and the film) were quite expensive. This is the same, if not better. The color is a light rose pink and is very cute. Unlike Polaroid, its newer. I like that because it gives that vintage look, but with a modern device. The film is more of a rectangle but I personally like it better. I had to take some time to get use to it, but I am very happy that I got it. Be very careful with shots that are close up. Its better to be a few feet away from something because it can get blurry when too close. Also I took a picture of the sun and it made it black. Prior to purchasing this, I didn't know much about instant camera with film, but be careful with too much light. Instead it will just make it black. Other than those two adjustments, its a really good product and I haven't had much difficulty with it. Very pleased!
I totally love this camera! It is great for sweet moments you want to capture. Worth $70 for sure. Great buy
Love it!!!! Little expensive for film but totally worth it, takes awesome pictures. I would recommend this to anyone any age.
Seriously this is a bad ass camera, I love it.. Its funny and easy to use, just got to get  used to adjusting light settings but I've gone through almost 70 film and just about everyone of them are perfect. Love love love.. And the seller is great, trustworthy and friendly would defiantly buy from again..
There's nothing quite like taking a shot and a little picture coming out of the top of this camera. It's so much fun!My favorite thing about this camera, besides the design & color (I got blue), is the fact that I am choosing my shots carefully. Unlike with a digital camera, you'll want to be selective about which moments you choose to capture since it's not like you can click away endlessly. This adds charm to it, for me anyways.This camera can really capture the moment in a beautiful way. You just have to play with the exposure at first to get the feel for the best shots. Also, don't shoot too close to your subject or it/they will be blurry. It's fun to play around with it aside from the film being a bit too expensive to waste for test shots.Overall, I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for an instant camera.
I obsessed with my new camera. I almost bought the Fujifilm Instax Wide camera because it was cheaper, and the pictures would be larger. I finally decided to go with the Instax mini because I realized I'd a save a little on film, and didn't like the bulkiness of the Instax wide. I also love all the different film designs that are for the mini. The pictures for the mini are actually a nice as well. Like everyone says they are the size of a credit card but you can still capture a lot in the picture which is what I love. Overall I am happy with it.
Color has been enhanced since the days of the Polaroid Pronto, Great Product and will keep using it, keep the price low!
This camera is totally cute. Very easy to use, just make sure to follow all instructions.  This camera is perfect for all kind of parties.  Instant memories!
OK so i got this for Christmas and it takes the best photots in the world like i love it and all my friends are so jealous and want one now i totally recommend it!!!!!
It was great! The color of the camera was nice. Other than the blurry lightning at times, the camera is great.
I bought his with credit from amazon so ended paying just 30$ For it. It takes amazing photos! I wasted just like two practicing. Everything is perfect of it. Took it to Mexico City for a baptism ;) everyone loved it!
This is a great little camera we have had so much fun with it already. I purchased for a diy photo booth for my daughters wedding and we have been playing with it. The kids love to watch the film pop up and then watch the picture develop.
Cute, fun, Polariod-like camera.  My wife used it to take pictures and create a collage while still on vacation.  We still need practice to determine the right light setting.  So far the pictures have been a mix of too light, too dark, and just right.  Hopefully we get better!
My daughter bought this camera for a friend's birthday. Her friend loved it. I got to se it yesterday to take a picture. Point , click and out pops the picture. the quality of the picture was good.
This camera is adorable!  The old school polaroids just got cooler!  Bought this for my niece for her birthday and she is creating  an art collage with all the cool photos she's taking!  Recommend this for young and old!  it's an inexpensive way to create unique art!
I'm sending it back.  I really would so like having this kind of camera, but clearly it is't ready for prime time.  Sadly, the pictures are very unsatisfactory.  If I were Fujifilm, I would be embarrassed beyond belief.  Polaroid pictures from back-in-the day were far superior. Right there you can see the problem.
This is the year 2014, everything is digital.  I live in NYC.  I absolutely love this camera.  it is so much fun.  Tourists and locals all are amazed that I have it and want one.  People love taking pictures of us with it wherever we go and it is so much fun.  Everyone always asks me where I got it.  Digital is one thing but we all have that and use it, and over use it.... but something you can touch and feel and put in your wallet is really unique these days.  Our fridge is covered with these pictures and everyone who comes over asks where I got this camera.  I never write reviews, but this is one I felt compelled to write.  My sister and I are going on a seven day cruise through the Southern Caribbean, I bought 11 packs of film for the trip :)
This is a durable camera. I've dropped this thing multiple times and it shoots pictures just as well as the first time I used it.
This camera is FANTASTIC! It's an updated throwback to the Polaroid! It turns on quickly, no waiting and the settings are easy too. It's a little bulky but if you wanted something lesser so, just take pics with your smartphone. This is a toy and a conversation piece and will bring many people's memories back to the Polaroid days.
I love this camera! its small and portable, and has good quality photos.  Its a good price for something like this.  I recommend this for anyone!
I bought this for my daughter.  It was easy to use and she love it.  I choose this over the polaroid and I am glad I did.
I bought this for my younger 17 year old sister for Christmas.  She absolutly loves it and all her friends really liked it to.  She used it on NYE and got a lot of great pictures.  I also have one but the larger one, and I love mine!  Great product, would recommend.
it is a little too pricey and so are the films but i have little kids and its easier to keep track with memories! :) love the item!!
I bought this camera for my personal enjoyment. I love it and so does all my friends. Instant pics that are clear. Definitely fun to have around. Nostalgia from my childhood.
OH. MY. GOSH. The camera was beautiful, small, and adorable. It was easy to use, came SUPER SUPER FAST and well packaged, came with instructions AND a cute little matching blue string so I could wear it around my neck. The pictures came out flawless, clear, and cute. I taped them up on my wall. The pictures were focused and I cannot get over how cute the whole thing is, and kids can use it. So, if you're debating whether to get this or not, I totally totally reccomend it. It was EXACTLY what I was looking for, even more, and prettier, cuter, (sorry for the overuse of the word cute, it's just so CUTE!) and easier than a typical Polaroid. It's my favorite thing EVER, even though the flash might hurt you or your pets eyes.
Absolutely love this camera! I really wish the film wasn't so expensive and that it would come with a pack, but I love the different flash options you can use and the film quality is great!
It's a really nice camera, it came in fast and is very easy to use. The film is expensive but I really enjoy the quality I the photos.
great camera!!! I love using it!! warning thought if you take a direct pictur of the sun as in a sunset or sunrise  you will get a little blue dot in the middle so you guys don't think it's defective. other than that I love it! be careful not to take pictures in a lot of a lot of sunlight because it may turn out white but you just have to play around with it OH AND BUY FILM BC IT DOESNT COME WITH IT
This camera was amazing! It came to be half the price it is on urban outfitters  and in mint condition! I can't stop using this camera, it's perfect!
The product was very good, however the size of the film are much smaller than they seem, i was a little disappointed but in the end, there was no malfunctions and it was in a great condition.
I gave it as a gift and it was one of the best things I could have done. It's exactly what they wanted.
I love my camera! It shipped very quickly and on time.It's super cute, comes with simple instructions and comes with a wrist strap.It takes good photos except in poor lighted areas but it's a Polaroid so that's kind of what I expected.The film/ size of the picture it spits out is about the size of a business card. It's really cute and great for journaling or scrap booking.I had very reasonable expectations for this camera and it is honestly just a lot of fun.Seems to be very durable.Takes two double A batteries (If I remember right) and they actually provide them to you within the box.Very good product.
This was a really good gift for my teenage daughter.  She uses it a lot. The film is a little high but you can find some deals on multi packs.  I love that the camera came in colors.  Im sure her and her friends will enjoy this a lot..
Used this at the sign in table for my wedding.  Instead of a book, I had my greeters take pictures of the guests to display on a photo board.  Was a huge hit.  The camera was also a huge hit!!  Love the business size photo cards.  Great quality for such a small instant camera.
Camera was well-packaged and came with everything described. Note that the camera doesn't come with film so you have to buy film packs separately.Unfortunately, I am left-eye dominant, so looking through the viewfinder is a little silly compared to cameras with the viewfinder centered.Overall, satisfied with this except that it arrived two days later than expected, and shipping information didn't update during those two days.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year-old granddaughter.  It was a favorite.  Film is a bit pricey, but well worth it for the enjoyment of instant printed photos.
I love this camera. It is so cute and lightweight intake it everywhere! The pictures look vintage and mostly clear, it's great!
I use this at most parties and people are interested in it. It great to hang the photos on the wall or put the photos in your wallet.
As a lover of the past brings back many memories using this type of technology because by keeping it on the market
Bought this camera for my daughter. She really likes it. I was having a difficult time finding this camera at stores, so I finally tried the internet. It was delivered within the time promised.
It's so cute and love the light blue color! It's a bit more lightweight than the original Instax camera that I have and I think the functions are awesome. Auto detection for lighting is so much better than the original camera because you can't gauge how dark or light some pictures will come out based on where you are inside or outside. Love that it's not as clunky! Definite great buy. Just wished that it didn't feel so cheap, the plastic kind of feels like if you dropped the camera it would just fall apart.
It was as described, very compact, easily portable, and very cute! I got it as a gift for my sister and she loves it. Takes great pictures.
It is very nice look. Good quality I have ever seen. It is a very good gift choice. I like it.
loved it! very and on time just like it was advertised - does what its supposed to so im happy
Well I'm not expecting any further function on this camera other than instant photo. It works great and got to make sure you switch to the right mode where you are picturing (indoor, outside, etc).
We purchased this camera for our daughter & as parents remember the old Polaroid instant pictures. This is camera is more advanced as it has modes to adjust for the lighting & the pictures come out on top in the size of a credit card. The film can be purchased here on Amazon but have recently began to see them at local Wal-Mart's. If you have a teenage daughter then I'm sure they'll love this gift for years to come.
I love this camera, its so cute ! and the pictures come out great ! So happy with this item!
This came earlier than expected! I recently purchased this because i felt like these are my teen years and that i'd love to reflect and look back on these pictures when I'm older. the camera is the perfect size and is adorable. it's amazingly fun and all of my family members and friends keep asking to get their picture taken to be added to my scrapbook. this is great if you want to catch some of your memories over the years without having to go and get them printed. I'm already recommending this to all my friends and this is a perfect gift for a teen or someone who is into photography.
quality camera with all the charm film brings but with a modern look and functionality. came new with packing and very speedy shipping. I would definitely recommend this item.
My 9 year old daughter received this for her birthday. She loves it! The pictures turn out clear. She also got the sticker pack to decorate the frame of each picture. The polka dot camera case is great for her to carry it around and take pictures without taking the camera out. I love it!
In love with this mini instant camera!! Extremely easy to use, the photos are adorable and the price can't be beat.
Bought my daughter this camera. And her and her friends just loves it. Very light and easy to take around with them. Pictures come out well. And she loves the deco film we can order for it as well.
I love this camera.  The reason I wanted one was because I missed using Polaroids and I used them growing up as a kid.I love the functionality and the pretty colors that it comes in.I am very happy with the quality that Fujifilm has for their products, and am excited to buy film with different designs upon them all!
Love this little camera. It is lots of fun. U pay a little more for film but its worth it. Everywhere u take it is a big hit.
The idea of these little Poloroid cameras is wonderful.  Small little photos pop out instantly, making you the hit of any party, but the Instax Mini 8 just didn't cut the mustered. All the photos came out blurry, washed out or too dark.  So we returned this and exchanged it for the Instax Mini 50S.  It's not worlds better, but it's definitely the better of the two.These cameras are a great deal of fun, but my advice; skip the Mini 8 and get the 50S instead.
This is perfect, try not to use it in light backgrounds but i've gotten some really good candids of my friends and family. It took really cool pictures of my plants and the snow outside. I love it!
Really happy with the purchase, was exactly what I was expecting.  With the actual specs of the camera, it's kind of annoying that flash can't be turned off, so I've covered it in black electrical tape, but that's about it.  Really nice camera to have when trying to take quick pictures and have 'instant gratification' with the physical photo in your hand.  I would really recommend this for someone who wants a good instant camera, but isn't willing to pay the 40+ dollars for polaroid film and/or a 100 dollar camera.
It is so cute! The product itself is adorable! And The picture filmed by it is very clear, love it!
The camera is fun to use and easy to travel with. With the small size I can throw the camera in my purse and I'm ready to go! This would also make a great gift for someone!
I got the pink color and it is so cute! Easy to use, great for travel. I will actually use this for my wedding guestbook/photobook! I bought it with Fujifilm Instax Mini Instant Film, 10 Sheets (5-Pack).
This is such a fun camera.  It brings back memories of the old polaroids!  The picture quality is very similar to the old polaroids as well, so don't expect "today's digital camera" quality :)  I debated between these small prints and the larger ones, but with the cost of the film, figured I'd stick to the tiny pics.  Film is too expensive to waste, so I only break out this camera on certain occasions!  Just a lot of fun, and all my friends get a good laugh when they try it out (at least those that are old enough to remember the other instant cameras)!
Dinner with the family and the Instax was the only thing she asked for on her 16th birthday. She loves it!
Very cute small camera, portable and instant. Took a lot picture with it, but be careful not to expose too much sunlight when waiting for the film. Otherwise the picture will be totally white
My guilty pleasure. I love this tiny little thing! I honestly think I have better pictures with this camera than our dslr. We choose film that has the normal background edges or the ones with different colors, or characters. It's wonderful!I purchased the case with it an it works great too. It's nice when you're out and about, take photos and are able to put them on the side compartment until you can store them somewhere else. I'm extremely happy with this purchase.
This camera produces great quality prints, and it's so fun to use! The different light settings easily capture proper lighting for different settings.
This camera is very good! And the shipment is very good too. It's very fast. And this camera is soooo cute!I love it!
This is the coolest camera ever! If you like old school polaroid cameras then this is a classy, fun way to go.  The pink color is cute and retro and it comes with some film. I love it!
I bought this for my young daughter because she is always taking pictures with my digital camera and never gets to do anything with the results (I'm one of those people who's pictures pretty much sit on the computer). I also thought it would help her take more clear pictures because she would see the results right away.She loves it, and I've had tons of fun with it as well. She has her own little journal that is enhanced with photos (of Christmas, vacations, etc). Will definitely need to order more film!Bottom line- the camera works like you would expect (if you've ever seen an instant film camera and the resulting picture) and everyone wants to use it or have their photo taken. I spent way too long comparing the different cameras, now I see it just doesn't matter! Photos look exactly like they did on my old mini Polaroid I had 15 years ago, and on the full size Polaroid my parents had before that. I chose the Fuji brand because I liked the color and shape (thought my daughter would), the price, size and price of film, but I don't think the various models really make a difference.
If your looking for a Polaroid camera well by this one. You can chose the colors you want by blue,pink,yellow,black and white and very good quality picture.
this is a great little camera. got it for my daughter for Christmas present. and she just loved it.  its amazing you actually get pictures in your hand. better than digital!! just like the old days! I want one!!
Camera is a great price and the film is a bit expensive but the sentimental value is worth it :)
This is an awesome camera to bring to the party. Many people at the party didn't know what this is and how it worked. I guess technology does move fast. haha But really wonderful machine and it's really fun to use it with friends.
Works wonderfully. The next best thing to a Polaroid 600. Works fast. Great color! Wonderful. I would love to try the bigger version.
My pink instax mini is my first camera and i wanted it to be retro. It is  a convocation starter exciting people who thought that these cameras where extinct and easy way to take pictures and keep them as memoirs. Great for scrap booking or for the start of enjoying photography.
I got this camera so I could take quick fast pictures of my new puppy. It does pretty well with taking inside pictures but outside pictures can be iffy. I took two pictures of my puppy in snow and on them both the whole picture looks like it is still waiting to fully develop. Overall though it is a great camera and I am really happy with this purchase.
This camera is sooo cool! Brings back memories of the 80's when I had an Polaroid instant camera. The only down side is the cost of the film.
my wife wanted this camera for a long time im glad you guys had it for a great price thanks
I bought this product for my sister who really wanted a Polaroid camera for Christmas.The packaging was secured and the item was clean and very good to use.I gave 4 stars because it was not really for me and I never used it but overall, she seems to be satisfied and it came on time!
I love the camera. Gives me everything I expected and wanted. No regrets at all. Very light weight and great for traveling. Just used it to test it out and it was amazing. Great for memories and events! would love to recommend to others about this amazing camera. Would make people jealous and envious about how cool this instant camera is! love love!
It's a great and affordable camera that gives you that fantastic nostalgic feeling! Very easy to use and the photos turn out great! Hipsters would definitely approve. If I had a time machine, I'd go back in time and buy this again and again.
Fun and an easy camera to use.  The pictures can be a little small though so be prepared for small visuals.
My step daughter absolutely loved it. She got it for Christmas and she has been enjoying it with friends and family.
My daughter got this camera at Christmas and we have found it works very well. It does exactly what it is designed to do - produce instant pictures. But if you are looking for high resolution portrait type quality, this is not designed to do that. It gives you nice little pictures to give to others on the spot.
I wish there was an instant camera available that took bigger pictures, otherwise the camera works well and the prints are good quality
My daughter loves this camera.It works great and is great for a kids scrapbook.The pictures are good quality for being so small.
This camera was exactly what I was looking for. Shipping was fast. It's a great value for the money. Would buy again.
I love how it's really lightweight, pretty, and easy to handle. All you have to do is load the film, look in the viewfinder, and press the button! The only thing that bothered me was the parallax of the viewfinder, but thats for almost every type of camera. It can get scratched easily, but the texture of it is nice. It's also convenient that it came with batteries to get you started, and a strap to protect it from accidentally falling out of your hand haha. It's also a good price (I got it for 70 with free shipping) for such a nice camera that is the upgraded version of the 7s! :)
This is a fantastic little instant camera.  The design is fun and modern.  The pics, while -very small, come out pretty crisp and clear.  While instant film cameras will never replace digital or even traditional film cameras, if you're looking for something fun and something that can sate your need for "instant gratification", I would go with this camera.
I ordered this camera to use at my wedding for people to include pics when they signed the guestbook.  It is perfect.
Got this for my nephew for Christmas this year. I thought he'd like it, but I didn't know just how much he would love it. He called to tell me it is his favorite Christmas gift, and then he went on to explain all of the features/everything he's taken a photo of so far. He takes it with him everywhere. Glad I got it for him!
this camera is an amazing throwback product of the 80's that adds wonder to the art of photography. somehow the thrill has returned to taking pictures and having a tangible "actual photograph" to give to a friend to remember you by. this was a gift for my wife and it has made her so happy that precious memories are no longer at constant risk of ending up on the internet but will remain with you privately. the quality of the pictures are amazing inspite of the small size of the film. we took photos in broad daylight and the pictures came out crisp and clear. the time it takes for the film to develop was fast but just enough to cause some suspense. the size of the film is perfect for a shirt pocket so shoot away!
Works as well as described and is easy to use, pictures have great color and sharpness! Love the look of the retro photos!
Ordered for my daughter's birthday.  Paid more so it would be there in time.  Week after birthday, still no camera!
We have had so much fun with this camera.  Be forewarned, the pictures are smaller than the polaroids of the 70's, but they are fun to take.  Using it for a project in room décor, hanging the pictures along a hanging wire on the wall, really cute.
The camera is cute and the kids get a kick out of it....but the picture is very small and you need to get quite a bit closer thatn you would generally need to in order to get the close up picture that you wanted.The film is also expensive....this is more just a novelty gift as opposed to a functional camera.....but it's fun!
I had low expectations for this camera, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised! Camera takes excellent close to mid range shots. So far, I haven't taken that many shots (because of the price of the film, around a $1 per photo), but most of them have turned out excellent. I have received many compliments on the quality of the photo and its uniqueness. I only wish the it had optional flash; the flash is always used on every photo. It's my new go to camera for parties, and it's great to share an actual photo with friends and family. If you are looking to spend a little bit more money, I would recommend and looking at the newer, more stylish and more featured Fujifilm Instax camera, but for those who are looking to replicate the older Polaroid cameras, this is a great buy!
Great quality with less expense and fast delivery. I'll definitely recommend this product. I bought for my sister and she just loves it!
Great! Shipped super lightning fast. My wife loves her new gift. It's great. We get to have these little keepsake instant pictures of our kids.
The pictures are smaller than I thought they would be they are clear.  I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others
It has a great look, and takes good quality pictures.This is really good to have if you're making a scrapbook, collage, etc.
exactly what we hoped for when we got it. pictures are a little smaller than we expected, kind of a bit smaller than traditional baseball cards. but great!
I couldn't give it a 5 star for a simple reason.I still can't figure out the perfect lighting for perfect occasion.But overall, it's very easy to use and SO CUTE to carry around.It's a good size and weight.Definitely recommend it especially at this price.
This camera was exactly what I wanted. The size is a little smaller than what a "Polaroid" would be but as stated, the size was exactly what I wanted.
It's a great camera. Fun, easy to use and takes good pics! Plus it's pink and it's perfect for a teen!
Good product.... Good transaction....overall good experience... Would definitely shop with Amazon again especially when the holidays are drawing near !
I bought three of the Instax Minis for a family Christmas gift -- a family scavenger hunt around our city.  They are cute, and a fun gimmick.  Because I bought three, with the scavenger hunt in mind, I wasn't concerned about the size of the prints; however, the prints are small (the size of a credit card, as someone else posted).  These cameras are a great, fun way to share a few smiles and laughs at parties.
This camera it's absolutely amazing, incredible photos, everyone ask us where we bought it !, incredible delivery, I definitely recommend buying this! Everyone enjoys it and luv intax pics it's TOTALLY FETCH!!!! ILUV IT 😉
My daughter loves this and although it took a few more days to get it, it was worth it.  She loves retro and it takes really awesome small instant pictures. Easy to use, instant gratification
Would have loved the pink but daughter was very happy, this is a fun item but, film can get pricey! Should come with at least one pack of film!
These are adorable, fun and they take great photos (well... they take great instant photos which are traditionally very very poor)When my daughter started asking for one of these for Christmas I was pretty annoyed since she already owns a Canon PowerShot G series and she uses my Digital SLR. I could not understand why anyone would want an instant camera which costs approximately $1 per photo and takes awful pictures.However - This deal on Amazon makes it acceptable (if still sort of pointless) in that you can buy 2 rolls of 10 pictures for $13 and the camera at a steal.Compared to digital this is a joke and a toy - but compared to finding a decent Polaroid and paying for THAT film, this is quite frugal and fun.
The camera brought a lot of joy to our 7 year old at Christmas as her very first camera. Thanks
While I would love to say it worked out well, aside from it being a pink camera, (her favorite color), it's a little foreign to present this to our 5 year old, in hopes that "instant gratification of a printed picture and watching it develop before her eyes" would have won her over, with the age of digital cameras and photographs. Maybe in a year or so, she will have more patience to wait to capture a moment, and enjoy the printed picture, or sharing it with friends. That is our hope! We did get a couple of good pictures, but we had to walk her through the process and we definitely wasted several pictures in the interim. With only 10 per roll, timing and patience are key.
Clicked a picture and it didn't work. Really excited to buy it because it was a gift for a friend but sadly, it didn't work.
The camera is sturdy and easy to use. My eight year old daughter had a blast with it. Maybe too good a time; she went through 40 exposures in one day!Be warned, the film is very pricey so this is not a camera for everyday use.
After doing some research, Amazon is the cheapest, most convenient way to buy the Instax Mini 8 online. A trip to Urbanscape would burn u an extra 40usd plus for the same thing.
I like this camera a lot! I have taken great pictures on it. However the dial that adjusts the settings doesn't seem to work :( I twist it and it stays on the outdoor setting.
Love this reminds me of my school days with the old Polaroid. The pictures are DL size but so vintage and camera is good quality too and great price.
I bought this instant camera for my ten year old daughter and she loves it! Here is her review on it:  Its fairly easy to start and I love how this camera is small and modern but at the same time you get the old school feeling as well. When I took My first picture I was surprised that it came out white but my Mom and dad both laughed and told me that I had to wait for it to dry before I could see actual colors! The day that I got the camera was also my dads birthday so when we went out to dinner I took at least 8 pictures! Thanks Mom!
This is exactly what she wanted, in the style and color she requested. She was using it within minutes of opening the package.
I bought it for my girlfriend and I had the mini7 and this one is so much better,  its thinner and has more features.  Good product
good looking does the job granddaughter happy too soon to give more details but over haul great camera. waiting for first set of pictures
Bought this for our 12 yr. old granddaughter for her family's mission trip to Haiti, where they helped with a Vacation Bible School.  She loved it - and it filled the purpose for her of taking lots of pixs of the children.  A neat side note, she gave away the pixs to the kids, many whom had never seen a pixture of themselves!  I bought the 100 pix pack so she was even able to take photos as souviners for the family.  The photos are small but that was okay. It's an easy-to-use camera, which was the whole point of buying it for a young girl. I purchased the camera bag as well, which she told me was very handy and kept it clean. Since arriving back home, I ordered for film for her to use with her friends. I consider it a real good buy, especially for the original purpose!
I love it, its perfect! The only dissappointment is how expensive the film is. :/ The pictures I have taken are really great so far! :)
I love this camera!  In the digital age all my pics end up stored on sd cards or computer files or on facebook and it can be a time cosuming project to sort and print these.  This camera is really fun and takes great (however small) pictures.  My kids loved the novelty of it.
This was a Christmas gift and well worth the money!  The picture is clear and you can capture the moment and have the picture right there as it happens.  The only thing that would make this product better, would be including a small package of film.  I thought that it came with a small package of film and luckily I took the camera out for inspection.  That was my fault, however, it would have been nice.  :)
This polaroid camera takes good pictures under the right lighting.  It isn't something you would want to rely on for those "have to capture" moments.  But it is a solid and simple throwback to a time where polaroids were our only affordable option.  The size of the picture is smaller than the old-style polaroid.  Approximately 2 x 3.  It was a gift for my pre-teen daughter and she LOVES it.
i've been wanting this camera how a long time and i found the price to be very reasonable. this camera is super super cute and fun to use! i brought it to school and all my friends wanted to take pictures and they kept saying how cute it was!everything about this camera is cute. but something that i really wanted to know when buying this was if it came with film or not. IT DOES NOT COME WITH FILM. you do not know how many times i've looked for this answer to this "question". BUY FILM. luckily i did buy film.it takes small pictures but the pictures are cute.
We bought this camera for our teenage daughter for Christmas and it's one of her favorite presents!  She took it to a sleepover recently and it was a huge hit with her friends, too!  The pictures are tiny and cute and mostly clear in sunny conditions.  She LOVES getting the picture right away to pass out to her friends and it's super easy to set up and use.  A+ gift for a teenager!!!
My 10 year old daughter loves this camera. It was her favorite Christmas gift. Easy to use and good picture quality.
Did not want to get my girl some technology just because everyone else was getting it--expensive and we are not ready to start patrolling her internet exposure. Instant photos are fun and the hit of every party. She loves it.
This camera is so cute!  And it works well.  The pictures are clear but still appear retro grainy - which makes it even more fun!  The camera is slippery though so I bought the case made for the camera - you can leave the bottom portion of the case on the camera and still take pictures - which makes it easier to handle!
i love it!! i have been taking so many pictures ever since i got it and its great. definatly get this camera!
Had a lot of good and surprise comments about Polaroid.  Good camera for my daubDaughter to fool around with cuzzins.
This is a good product for the money. I took a picture of a lighted christmas tree indoor and the photo was more white shaded with the flash on. But its is ok. the camera serves my purpose.
we will not use it for the important things, but will have a lot of fun using it for parties and my 13 year old daughter will use if often with her friends.  It works great!
Love love love this!  It was my 9 year old daughters favorite gift!!  All her friends want one now. I think it will encourage her to be a better photographer because she won't just take endless digital pictures
Great little 'Polaroid'. We had fun taking photos of children at an event and then giving them the photos immediately allowing them to watch the photo develop. The children were amazed as they had never seen a Polaroid type photo before.
Best gift ever! According to my 16 year old granddaughter !  Thank you, now I need a lot more film
I have a spouse that loves cameras and pictures. The camera itself is built well. The pictures are fun since they are instant. The camera takes good pictures in various light conditions to include low lighting. If your a photo person or happen to be married to one, you will want to get this camera.
What you see in the viewfinder is not exactly what you get in the picture.  My wife blew through 2 boxes of expensive film trying to take a picture of a Christmas card she made.  The first pic of the kids in a large room was OK for a Polaroid type of picture so we thought the item was defective.  Come to find out it's either design flaw or just don't work for smaller close ups.  The old Polaroid's viewfinder was in the center right in the middle over the lens, so what you see is what it shot.  But this one has the viewfinder on the side.  So close up shots of smaller things appeared off center.  My wife and I also thought the quality wasn't on par with the old Polaroid snapshots either.  Returning this item.
Searched for a better price and Amazon, of course, came through as the best. This camera was bought as a gift. My son loves it. The hardest part was finding film. Amazon had that as well. A lot nicer than conventional Polaroid. Takes nice pictures.
love my fujifilm instax mini 8 very easy to use buying the big bundle of the film is better it saves you plenty of money.
I gave this to my eight year old and I think I might get one for myself. It is so fun, the kids all love it. We use it to put pictures in their journals. Totally recommend
ORDERED FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER.  IT ARRIVED JUST AS EXPECTED.  SHE WAS THRILLED WITH IT.  WOULD ORDER AGAIN WITHOUT A PROBLEM.
Got this for my granddaughter and she loves, loves, loves it!!!  The pictures turn out clear and sharp.  Just too cute!!!!!
Help my friend to buy one. I don't open it but looks nice. Very cute and beautiful.It fits girls.
My 16-year old wanted an instant camera but didn't know which brand to get.  After reviewing feedback from others on Amazon, I decided to purchase the Instax Mini 8 instant film camera.  I don't regret it.  My daughter is happy with it, with the quality of the pictures, and ease of use.  It is definitely a straight-forward camera to use.  Glad we went with the Fujifilm instax mini 8!
This was a Christmas gift for our 13 yr old granddaughter.  She loves it.  The pictures are decent and camera is easy to operate.
I purchased this camera for our 6-year old granddaughter because it would enable her to take pictures and see the outcomes quickly. The fact that it was available in her favorite color contributed to my decision. She opened the box under the Christmas tree and absolutely loved it.  As it is easy to operate, she immediately took a couple of pictures.  Her excitement at seeing the people in the pictures shortly after was infectious. Everyone wanted to look at the pictures and try the camera.  She hung onto the snapshots still the next day when waving us good bye from the car. She said, 'How did Santa know that that is exactly what I wanted?" I gave it a rating of four because the pictures are good but do not expect top notch quality. I recommend this camera to anyone who likes to see pictures rather than store them in cyberspace. Can you imagine its usefulness at a children's birthday party?  The hostess may take pic of everyone invited with the B-day baby and give it to them as a souvenir. Handy and fun sums up this camera!
she likes it and that's all. Though at first we need to figure out how to use it. Happy New Year
This was a gift for my 15 yr old daughter. She loves it and it is easy to use.The only downside is the expensive film that is only available online.
I bought this product over a month ago .It was going to be a christmas present for my daughter,not only havent i received it yet, they say it will be mid-January before i get it. stay away from this company,not worth it!!!! Disgrace!!!!
Great camera for kids 9+ years. They get a kick out of the pictures developing in an instant. Camera came in quick....
We bought this for Christmas and how disappointed to find that the camera wouldn't function -even after 4 people reading instructions - it wouldn't shoot
I have loved instant cameras all my life and I am glad I chose this one. It is not for everyday use but perfect for documenting all of my holiday events and it amazed everyone who saw me us it. Love the nostalgia.
easy to set up & use, pictures came out clear, bought for kids and they love the novelty of it! Just have to remind them there's only 10 photo's per film as they're used to taking numerous ones with their digital.
I have nothing bad to say about this camera...and neither do any of the other people who see it.  It's just such a cute, cool, retro item to have.
Arrived on time. Meets the description. Happy with  the product, no complaints whatsoever. Bought it as a gift for my little sister, she loves it.
This is awesome camera, takes great pictures, easy to use, simple settings, and it is just plain fun to use.
This camera takes sweet little instant pics. This camera feels good to. It doesnt feel like a cheap item. Its got a little weight and feels well made. Highly recommend for teens and scrap/smash bookers.
bought this for my teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it.  A great buy.  Thinking about buying one for my mom.
I like it. It takes the best pictures and it's really cute. The pictures have a really good quality and design
the Fiji instax is so adorable and perfect to capture memories. Although its not the best quality it was exactly what I was looking for I take it everywhere. Something that I want forever
Great little camera got it for my daughter who's 10 she loved it..film not to bad priced through amazon ...
This was by far by 9 year old daughter's favorite Christmas gift. She loves getting instant pictures. And it's easy to use!
Purchased this for my 5 year old for Christmas. She is able to handle the camera on her own and was instantly able to turn it on and snap away!  Love the color and ease of this product!
Bought this camera for my daughter and although the pics are not high def. they are cute and perfect! Would recommend for any teen!!
My granddaughter, age 8, loves this camera I got her for Christmas.  I also got the clear camera case to protect it.  Only down side is they did not include film with it but luckily I bought some for extra so she was able to take pictures as soon as we had it together for her.  Highly recommend for grade school age children anyway.
perfect! paid a little more than in the stores, but worth it as it was in stock and arrived on time!!
It's good in some cases but not that good qualitywell i guess you get what you paid foralso, my light keeps blinking in the wrong settingI guess ill tell square trade ...since i have one
So easy to operate.  Takes great clear pictures.  Everyone loved it at the Christmas party.  It was a big hit.Everything old becomes new again.
Granddaughter just loved the instant gratification this camera gives....took her a little while to get on to how close she needed to be to get a good pic. Used the twin-paks of film already!
I absolutely LOVE this camera! I have a Polaroid Sun 660 but they stopped making film for it, and it's super expensive from other sellers. The Instax Mini 8 is both cute and portable, and the film is pretty cheap: 20 photos for ~$13. Can't beat it.The only problem I have is that night photos are awful and rarely develop. Make sure you're in at least semi-good lighting because the little flash on the camera won't do much good in darker settings.
Bought this as a gift for my young adult daughter who is into photography.  Her first comment was that it seemed a little cheaply made, but she's use to the quality, weight and feel of a high-end Canon.  It works very well and seem simple to use.
I love this camera its perfect and really fun! I take it everywhere with me! Im a bit couscous about what i take pictures of because the film is kind of pricey. But other than that, it works well and the pictures turn out great and full of color!
The camera is easy to use but came with no film to start off with. I didn't order a box of film and my granddaughter was very disappointed she couldn't take any pictures. It would have been an extremelycourteous gesture to have included a small role of film.
My daughter loves it and it produced quality pictures. They are small pics but she likes it. Easy to use also.
We bought this for a picture guest book for our wedding. The wedding was in the evening and the pictures were a little darker than we would like. You have to get really close to see the faces and some things around them.The camera is actually easy to use. Just the quality of the pictures that we were a little disappointed with.The camera came in as expected, no problems or anything.
It is good， I like it. And the color is also beautiful. It is real a good thing. Thank you.
It is a nice product, easy to setup and use, picture clarity also pretty good. Really handy for instant pictures
Product exceeded my expectations and I would recommend this item to all my family and friends! Great quality and awesome customer service.
I would recommend this camera to anyone that doesn't mind spending money on film. I love this camera. I do wish, however, that there were a way I could turn the flash off. Other than that, 5/5 star rating.
i like it !!it is so good for me to take photo! i like this price ~~ it is good!
I love this camera and sometimes retro is better. You have to be careful with the type of lighting that you have and it doesn't really come with directions about the setting but other than that no complaints. Plus the color is cute and its light enough to slip in your purse
Love this camera! So fun and takes cute little pictures. It's fun to watch the pictures develop right in front of you. Takes pretty decent pictures too. Very easy to use. Definitely would recommend.
I got this camera for my daughter's 10th birthday, and we both love it. It's very easy to figure out and use. The only thing we had to look at the instructions for was the direction to load the film. Everything on it works perfectly.
awesome little polaroid you can take on the go. The picture comes out really nice and the fixed focus makes things much easier. Unfortunately the film is quite expensive, so make sure you know what you're getting yourself into when you invest into these things!
Great color, Great price, Great Quality. The Camera prints instant photos you can hold and share. Great way for cheap reliable photos.
Exactly what I wanted. Fun and easy to use. Big but I like that it stands out. Film is easy to find. Price was way cheaper on amazon than any store. Love it love it love it
Although it took me a while to figure out the brightness settings when taking indoor pictures, I really have enjoyed having the ability to have them printed out instantly. It is not a high quality camera, but one worth having if you are looking to decorate your space with unique photographs.
This camera is spectacular. It's a bit big but I lOVE it and the way it takes pictures especially how the film is wallet sized.  They are too cute
I bought this as a present after lots of research, and I couldn't be happier! I'm not familiar with polaroid or fujifilm instax cameras, but I am very happy that I got the Instax Mini 8. The pictures turn out WAY better than I expected, making very unique mementos. Images were clear, flash isn't too bright, and believe it or not, we actually managed to take a very nice "selfie!" Don't worry if you can't read Japanese -- putting the film and batteries into the camera was very straightforward and easy. Can't wait to take this to future events with friends and family!
The mini 8 is really cute and easy to use. I love the color of light mint. The price is also comparatively good.
Great fun for my 5-year-old twins.  They can take pictures themselves and unlike pictures taken on the phone they can keep the photos.
I really love this camera! It is fairly small, it's easy to take selfies or pictures with another person. The quality of the picture really depends on your lighting. The automatic light detection feature is pretty nice. It doesn't always work perfectly, but there's only really been 1 out of about 15 pictures that i've taken that hasn't come out good because of it. The only complaint is that the pictures are fairly small, but that's kind of the point.
This one is really good, i bought this for taking pictures for my baby. it is useful. it is worth  this money.
really love this cute one, the color is bright and fresh, really fashionable, brought me so much fun, recommend this to people who have this affection.
Came on time, I super love it. And the packaging was goood too. I really love the pink. I do wish they provided at least a film or two. Good thing my film came in first so do order films
Great little camera. Durable and easy to use. GF and kids love it. I hate that the pink colour was the cheapest however. Would have liked to gotten in black, but I'm not paying $10 more just for different colour.
Remember polaroids?  This camera is the technological successor to the bygone instant camera.  It's a little fancier around the edges than an old school polariod, but the pictures comes out on tiny little business card shaped film.  Adorable for a novelty, but not really for any sort of serious photography.
Kids, you will be the first on your street with this.  If you love tiny pictures in your wallet, this is for you.It's a trip to 1955.
fun to use and less expensive than the polariod models, love the color choices for this camera, easy to operate...just plain fun to use
I LOVE this camera. Its so cute and fun. My only negative is that where you look through is small and a bit awkward. But my kids love it when I take pictures of them with this camera.
Very cute camera and easy to use! I love the color too! I brought it to a party and had a good time!
So much fun.  I already have one and this was a gift for a teenager so she can chronicle her life.  Love the instant film, though it's expensive!
This takes amazing pictures. We are using it for a birthday party.  Each girl will make a scrapbook page for the birthday girl for her to keep.
One of the best purchases I've ever made on Amazon. I adore this camera. It's simple to use and pictures "develop" within minutes. I've always wanted an instant camera, and I'm so glad I picked this one!
I love this camera so much! I bring it with me almost everywhere, although it takes some space in my bag and can get a little heavy, I'm ready at any moment to capture a event to put on my wall. Very easy to use and I absolutly recommend to anyone! The pictures are kinda small but hey, you get what you pay for. And the picture quality is surprisingly good. All in all I love this camera!Also it's a great conversation piece.
My sister loves this. It takes really cool pictures. I wish the pics were slightly larger...but she absolutely loves it...and they are quite cute when they develop
Absolutely the greatest little camera ever! I purchased this camera specifically to take on vacation with me, and I do not regret it one bit. Easy to carry, easy to use. I have recommended it to several friends already.
I bought this camera for my daughter she wanted it as a birthday gift. It turns out the whole family loves it the pictures are really good.
This Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 is worth buying!Very affordable.Comes with a pack of batteries (two AA) and a pink wrist strap.Film needs to be bought separate but the quality of your photos are great! The camera comes with photo settings on the dial.The photo is ready quickly and the photo is the size of a credit card.This pink is the perfect shade.
this is good Camera i purchase form the amazon, the picture come out showing very class and nice, also small camera easy to carry, don't need to spend a lot of money to get a good camera. good Quality make not easy to break.
i love it! so cute and beautiful camera. the only one point i dont like it is the light can not be close alone.
I absolutely love this camera! Great for parties!!! Very fun camera! Only draw back is if you take a pic outside when its sunny, the pic looks washed out...other than that, I highly recommend!!!
Super cute! Whenever I bring it out my friends all want a picture. Plus I inspired several other friends to buy their own! The pics are tiny but cute. Two people will fit in a frame perfectly, anymore than that and the flash spreads out too far and you can't see everyone. I use it just to capture moments of me and my friends. The film is expensive, so buy it in bulk and use it wisely. The camera fits in my purse and isn't super heavy but you will notice it in a bag.
I bought it as a gift for my girl friend and she loves it. It's really easy and fun to use.
Made my husband so happy with this. He has such fun w/the kids and their friends.  Imagine taking photos the old fashioned way and still getting  a kick out of it.  Takes good shots.
i have been using it when i went out with my friends. it really convenient to carry out and memory the moments with them.
it so cute and it work well!!!! Both my best friend and I got one. it is the camera i'm looking for
I would consider this camera one of my best purchases of all time. I am totally in love with every photo that I take with it. It's very easy to operate and absolutely worth it. I try to use it as often as I can! ♥
fun camera but the pictures come out looking blurry/ out of focus. the color looks faded and pics look old
Love this camera So cute and so much fun to play with. I love how the photos have turned out
This camera is light, fun and SUPER easy to use. Make sure you have good batteries (they come with) or else you'll be a little confused as to why the camera won't turn on or load film. It was almost too easy that I overlooked the simplicity and had a little trouble…oops! Anyway, it's fun. I bought it for a guest book and it takes decent pictures and it's very easy to use. It's much larger than it seems online-which I'm very happy with. I recommend it for fun! If you want professional looking photos, this isn't for you.
The cutest instant camera out there! I love the flash settings, and film is easy to find. Lightweight and easy to take along.
I sent it as a gift so that I did not play it at all. But I love the color and my friends like it. That is wonderful.
Love it! Cute and easy to use plus the size is not that big it makes it easy to carry around.
perfect discount! Also, the color is perfect! Though the price of the camera is not expensive, the instant film is so expensiveTOT
LOVE IT!!!! I adore this camera, the pictures are great, the price is affordable (both the camera and the instant films) and it captures wonderful memories of a credit card size. Everybody loves my new camera :)
Nice gadget. I love it. Especially my girl friend likes the pink appearance. Very fit for entertainment. Cool to see a picture coming into force.
My daughter (11) loved it! Now my son and other daughter want one too. The film can get spendy, but it is worth it. I love it because they can take a picture and put it in their junk journal, write about it, and have memories to look back on. Great buy, and it looks like I'm buying 2 more for Christmas!
It's so pretty and not scratched! Love the pastel pink and would definitely recommend it :) Its worth its price and easy to use :D
Easy to use and awesome! The color is softer than shown on the screen. Overall it's great! I love it so much.
LOVE THIS LIL THING. WORTH EVERY PENNY. RECOMMENDED SELLER!! FAST SHIPMENT, GREAT PRICE. GREAT FOR ANY OCCASION, GET TO CAPTURE DOWN EVERY MEMORABLE MOMENT.
It was delivered promptly and it is exactly has pictured.Will be a great Christmas gift.  I would recommend to anyone.
This is a cute camera. Only thing is if it's too bright outside your photo may come out white like a blank polaroid. So of course I wasted a few shots because of the sunlight. It's a bit hard to tell what settings work best but definitely play around the camera. Very light & easy to carry. Love using it!!!
i ordered it right before traveling abroad. It was fine. Still trying to figure out the light setting, sometimes it's too dark, other times it's bright and pretty. That's probably my lack of knowledge. Otherwise it's a fun piece to have. pretty light.
It is pretty good, have lots of mode and easy to take.but the price is almost the same as walmart.
I always want a instant film camera and decided to get this until I see the yellow one. It's just so adorable and fancy that I have to buy it. And it's not too expensive!
there is small black point on the picture. For every picture. It waste me about 2 pack. Can u give me a answer? Its problem from camera or sheet.
This camera is amazing not only is it cute it takes great pictures. It's a great conversation starter.  I have gotten plenty of complements. You cannot turn  the flash of but that's okay.  The shopping was really fast that was good.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter, she loves it!!!!  Makes me want to get my old Polaroid out, except cant find the film anywhere, and it doesn't work!!!  Great gift for late teens early adults!
Guys, this camera is definitely a great gift for your girlfriend!!!Not too expensive, good quality, cute color.five stars!
All her friends now want to buy one! Great little instant camera and fun and very compact. Early teachings of photography!
I love to create mini albums for when I go on trips, this allows me to have an instant picture and journal in realtime. Next adventure China in 2 weeks!
amazing camera. has 4 settings AND  a auto light sensor. small and easy to carry around. very great item. easy to use
I bought this camera for my teenage daughter! She loves it! I love the fact that it brings back great memories of the polaroid and when people used to place pictures in an actual photo album!
I absolutely love this little baby of a camera. I was torn on the colors between pink, white or yellow. I was hesitant to go for the yellow, fearing it would be too bright and not subtle. I was very happy to find out that its a really soft canary yellow - its easy on the eyes! The camera is a little bigger than your palm and it does have an interesting (weird) shape, but I see it more of a toy than anything else so I don't mind. It's not meant for practicality, its meant for fun! This is a great instant camera to have and I would recommend it to anyone. The pictures it produces are really sharp and clear!
I did not realize how handy this little camera would be.  It is so much fun for a party to take and print the pictures immediately.
I recently bought this camera and took it to New York. It is so cute, fun and small enough to fit in my hand and in my purse. It takes clear pictures and is so fun for vacations. I recommend buying film from amazon, its the cheapest
I loved it I'm glad I bought this. I take it with me everywhere. Everyone's loves it too they want one
Great product, came right on time! I can buy the film right down the street which is amazing..Get to play with it a little to get adjusted to the settings. I love my new toy!
What a fun party accessory!Easy to use for everyonepictures are small but funseems durableI think all ages can use it
I got this is a gift for my girlfriend and her one criticism is that you cannot control the flash which has a tendency to wash some photos out even when you are outside. The only solution is to cover it with your hand or a piece of electrical tape which is a minor work around. But this is a straight up polaroid camera so people expecting to get high quality photos should just go digital. This is a nostalgic type camera good for having fun with. Great for portraits and taking to parties and whatnot with friends because the film is about the size of a business card. People LOVE polaroids and this is a good solid camera. Feels like a fisher price toy in the hands but is ultimately solid. Film can be expensive at about .75-$1 per sheet so be prepared for that.
I had been eyeing this camera for awhile, but just couldn't bring myself to buy it. I already own the Instax Wide camera, which is great, but I got tired of how much space it was taking up in my bag every time I brought it along. I had received an amazon gift card from my bosses and had an upcoming anniversary trip so I finally took the step and purchased this camera. It's very simple to use, even if you're a complete novice and comes in such cute colors. It's small, so it doesn't take up much space in your bag, and fits comfortably in your hand. The film isn't a bad price, either, and it's actually cheaper than the Polaroid film I used to be in my golden age of polaroid use (90s/early 2000s). The quality is much better than I expected, being so small. Very crisp and clear, as most fujifilms are.
Great camera! Fun and cute.  Not sure why people complain about the size and quality.  It's not a camera to use for taking great shots.  Yes, the photos are small and not great quality but they are fun and artsy when you put them in an album and stuff.  I hope it lasts a long time.
This was a great alternative to the Polaroid camera.  The film was cheaper and everyone loved it at the party.
Super fun and really easy to use. I like how it has settings for indoor/outdoor and sunny/cloudy. The pictures come out nice. Not the greatest quality, but it's sole purpose isn't for anything professional. It's a nice camera to have for social gatherings and such.
Great camera to use for our guestbook at our wedding.  It was very easy to use.  Everyone had a great time using it and loved the way they looked in the film.
Bought this as a gift for my 14 year old niece and she loves it! She had it out of the box, loaded with film and was taking pictures in just 10 minutes. It is easy to use, but her only complaint was that it is kind of hard to handle due to the size/bulkiness and layout of the buttons. The picture quality could be better, I suppose, but just like Polaroids, the look of the image is part of what is fun about it. We'll have to wait to see how she likes after more use, but overall I am happy with this purchase.
This is such a fun little camera that even has some cool and unexpected high tech features! Recommended to all my friends.
The shipping was pretty slow. I had waited for almost 2 weeks but other than that everything is GREAT! The camera looks so cute in pink and comes in a good size. I would recomend other ppl to get one !
Really great for taking random photos and getting that throwback instant film feel. I really love it, great camera, very portable and if you buy the zippered camera case for it, you are good to go.
THE ONLY THING IS THAT THE FILM IS QUITE EXPENSIVE , THE PICTURES ARE NOT AS NIT AS I THOUGH THEY WERE GOING TO BE
Item was received sooner than expected. This camera was a gift. It is the perfect color and style. Customer is pleased with quality of merchandise.
I am not really good at use this camera, but I am trying to use it. White is really cute.
We are using this at a church for pictures of people at functions that they can take home instead of printing and mailing.  Downfall is they are small.
My son asked for this camera for his 14th birthday. I was sort of apprehensive about buying it after reading some of the reviews that talked about the small picture size and clarity. I also wondered how much money we would end up spending on film because of his desire to take pictures of EVERYTHING. His cell phone already has a camera, so why have another camera to carry around that will produce pictures that will ultimately lay around the house or end up in a drawer? After all of my doubts, this turned out to be a great gift. My son is very selective about what he shoots and the pictures are no smaller than expected. There hasn't been a problem with the clarity of the pictures that wasn't a result of user error. The kids all love it! It's pretty interesting to see them shooting pictures with an instant camera again.
This little camera is great! Smaller than I thought which makes it all the more portable. Perfect way to capture the moment. Recommended.
OMG i love this, it's so much fun to use and make wonderful memories with love ones. Plus i can fit it in my purse so easily
Works and looks great! Glad I came across this, I would recommend it to others! Amazon always follows threw for me
I freakin very like itI will give five star for this productIt was a very cool mini camera
I'm a first timer here at amazon and i took the chance to order this camera cause i've ben wanting this and finally i have something to call my own.. im super in love with it.. well not just me but my boyfriend and the family :) i actually got super excited when i got them with the film.. I know film is kinda pricey but its worth it! I just use mines for special occasion or to take a picture for the kids, even them they liked.. i don't see any problem with it so far..
I loved this camera! It is so compact and adorable. I loved the flash settings on this! The photos were what you would expect from an instant camera.
this color is very beautiful. my bff bought a pink one. it's also really pretty.and it works good. i love it!!
I really like the color its soft yellow. The camera is super cute. Very happy w me purchase. It take great pictures.
Hazel loves it !!!!Bought this for my girlfriend and she cant stop taking picures....It was such a good deal too
This camera is super cute!! and you really get what you paid for. The pictures come out in the cutest business card size photos that you can literally put them anywhere (like inside a wallet!)I think the only issue that I have is that you can't really take pictures in really sunny areas because the photo won't come out great but that's expected with this type of camera.Also you go through film real easy! so stock up!
Great camera very handy lovely blue color and great features for shooting indoor and outdoor A must have love it!
this camera is great. it works pretty good. i would not recomend this camera for professional use. it has one small problem.since the viewing glass and the camera are not on top of each other when you take the picture you have to  kinda slant the view of whatever tour taking this picture of to the right. if not the picture wont come out how you want itto. but other then that small glitch the camera is amazing.
My new addiction! I LOVE this camera. It makes taking pictures so special and memorable. If you're not into photography, you will be. The quality is amazing and the camera is too cute!
Just received my instax 8 in the mail today. Came to me earlier than expected and I'm so happy. I can't stop taking photos! It's a bummer that film is so expensive but it's so worth it. The package was in great condition. I highly recommend this product.
It's definitely a fun camera, the pictures look so cool and has a nostalgic feeling to it. It's a shame the prints are a bit small.
Uhm. I love it but I Wish it came with sample film. Cuz now I need to buy some -.-
I have always wanted one ! I am having so much fun using it :) greatly recommended for those who likes taking pictures :)
i just love this. although i wish the film was cheaper, i generally like taking pics but i love how i can have my pics instantly!!! every where i go, i would take it with me and i call it my baby haha but seriously i love it so much
I am very happy with this camera! I'm looking foward to having it to make memories with on my wedding day!
Really like camera so far. Ordered it for an 80s party. Wanted that polaroid type fill and the camera delivered.
Its so much fun to use and fits in a little purse so you can bring it anywhere & it's everything I expected it to be. Is just a little tricky choosing the correct light setting for the perfect picture, so some of my first pictures came out a little dark, but other than that I loved it!
This is so much fun to have, and i am very happy with my purchase! I cant wait to take it on trips with me and i love using it when i go out with my friends!. I wish the Polaroid film was less expensive but that is the only downfall! But overall this is a fun film camera!
I began taking pictures with my roommate as soon as I received it! It is easy to use and the effect is quite good, better than I expected.
it broke and now i cant use it! i was so excited but the films stopped developing whenever i try to tak a picture.now it comes out blank other than that its the cutest camera EVER
Bought it for my Best friend as a birthday gift! Looks great! She loves it! Althought it's kind of expensive
This camera is the cutest thing ever! The pictures come out wonderful and are the perfect size. I highly recommend buying this camera! Not only is it adorable but it is easy to use and the pictures are great quality as well. The only draw back is that the film costs quite a lot of money but you can usually find pretty good deals here on amazon. I was deciding whether to "invest" in this camera and i am so happy i persuaded myself into buying it.
Love this camera!!!! It takes amazing pics in all types of lighting! The size of the photos are perfect and the resolution is crystal clear!! All of my friends were so jealous! Now they all want one too :)
I love it . The Pink one is so great, so I bought this again for my friend's birthday too!
I seriously love this camera so freaking much! I don't get to use it much since the film is so expensive but it's still worth it...at least to me. I don't know how other people will feel considering you can't take as many pictures as you would on a digital camera.
This camera was on my granddaughter's wish list. She loves it and the business card size photos are a lot of fun for all of us.
I'd been wanting an instant camera for a while now, and this was just so perfectly pink. The delivery was nice and speedy (though I wasn't in town to get it!) and everything was all in order. That was when I realized I'd forgotten to buy film, but that wasn't so bad. All in all, it fits great in my purse and it has all those quick adjustment flashes for indoor/outdoor transitions. Muy bueno!
This is the worst experience I had with Amazon. I will never buy stuff from this provider.The website of the product said close-up lens is included, while in fact I only receive camera itself.I called customer service. The guy on the phone was very rude and insisted the close-up lens is built-in, which it is not!He even hanged up my phone.This is just a terrible experience..
It is cheaper than many film camera.The photos that took were nice.That's so good! It's cheaper than that in China.
I gave 4 stars, because one of my instax came black on a cloudy day, even though I used that function...so, unless you are taking pictures on a really really cloudy day, use the normal function, that should work.It's a great present for everybody and I'm really happy with my purchase, I would recommend this to any pro or amateur photographer
My daughter loved this camera. Gave it to her for her 9th day. It was a hit with kids & grown ups alike.....very nostalgic of the Polaroid my grandmother had.
I love the camera! The photo quality is awesome too! And its in my favorite color! And you can put the pictures in your wallet!
First off, I want to say that this is absolutely the cutest camera I have ever seen.  It takes such adorable photos and is very easy to use.  It is larger than I anticipated, but is nothing enormous. I'll be honest, I was/am a bit nervous when I first received it as it is made mostly out of plastic.  I am used to the metal frame of an SLR camera, so the light weight and more fragile exterior is just something I will have to get used to!  Other than that, it was pretty simple putting the whole thing together and the only set up it needed was to put in two AA batteries (comes included.)I'll be honest, I had a hard time figuring out the lighting settings.  I am probably one of the few with this issue as it seems a lot more straightforward than I was expecting.  This camera comes with around 6 light settings.  A light would illuminate one of the settings (they are located above the lens) but I couldn't tell why or when it was changing.  The instructions have a sentence description of the setting so I felt like it didn't explain enough.  But after trial and error I realized that the light indicates the recommended light setting depending on the environment.  So as you move your camera around, the light may change and all you have to do is move the it until it is set where it is illuminated.
Cute camera. Easy to use!It's light and easy to carry around, I would suggest buying the black caseDefinitely recommend it to people who are looking for a polaroid camera.
