I absolutely love this camera! the photos are so cute and perfect for my journal! you won't be disappointed.
Started taking pictures right away..
Gife
No where near as good as the PolaroidNo zoom, pics are blurry and no SD card
Perfect gift for my 13 year old daughter who lives taking pics of anything and everything.
Was a gift given but I heard no complaints!
My camera stopped working out of nowhere , I am not paying for a new one . My money needs to be reimbursed or send a new camera .
Love it! Just as described!
definitely worth it. comes with great packing
With this camera we were able to capture great moments at our wedding. We have used it since then and I has brought fun to our memories.
Love the camera!
I love it!It works as it should.The high-key option is a fun addition to the other lighting/flash options.I'm very glad that I got this camera, and cannot wait to use it more!
The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 is by far one of my best investment! Wasn't sure it was possible to fall in love with this newer version of the Polaroid camera. The camera has sensors that tell you the best setting for the camera, leaving you with great results. It's very easy to load and operate. It's a great camera to use with friends and family, you get the best memories of life with this classic look
A fun thing to have on hand, and it makes great gifts.
I bought this camera for my sister. She fell in love with this camera. This Camera is worth every penny of it. It also takes amazing pictures.
Omg it was a hard choice choosing between this and the pink one but I don't regret the extra money I paid for the hello kitty one
This is a fun little camera, takes ten years off its subjects. Using it to take pics for my sons baby album and it's so much fun!
I thought this would be a fun, retro sort of gift for my seven year old daughter, and I was right.  She loves this camera!  She loves to photograph her younger brothers and her friends.  She didn't put it down for days.  The only reason I'm giving this four stars instead of five stars is because the replacement film can get really expensive!  I had to tell my daughter to be a little selective in what she photographs.  She's used to the camera on my cell phone where she can take essentially an unlimited number of pictures.  I guess that's also part of the retro experience though!There are some cheap options for photo albums to go along with this.  I bought one of those as well, and it has been a great little add-on.  It's cool to assemble all the pictures together in the album and page through the pictures.  Otherwise, the photos get spread all over the house and end up lost!
This is a really neat camera for a kid!  Takes Instant Polaroid pictures so your child can capture all those fun moments with their friends.  Easy to use
Easy to use and takes great pix. Luv it!
Daughter loves her birthday gift
I love my camera! It's cute and handy and impresses everyone who sees it. Everyone always wants their own photo to take home! Gets dirty easily though so get a case with straps for it!
Love this camera. Quick shipping as always from Amazon. Thank you.
worth having one
It's a little larger than I had hoped, but other than that, it's amazing! It brings back a lot of memories of polaroid cameras from my childhood. The photographs develop nicely and fairly quickly. Overall, this poroduct is everything that I had hoped for, it's adorable and I am so happy that I own it.
Perfect, and everything you'd expect it to be. I recommend buying rechargeable batteries for this.
Fun little camera! Film is cheap on Amazon also. My sister and I took a bunch of pictures at Christmas with it, it traveled on a plane with me, and still works just fine.
Best Birthday present I've given in years!  Went thru 100+ pics over the weekend.  Had a blast and everyone has a pic they can put anywhere!
ok
Should've came with at least two extra batteries not one it takes two
I love this camera, bought it to use for special things we do as a family! It works great and I love how it prints out little pictures so fast and right on the spot! Would absolutely recommend to anyone who wants a good instant print camera
Bought it for my daughter's birthday present and she loves it! Easy to use and she could use it w/o needing help of an adult.
perfect
Liek Liek
My 11 year old daughter loves to take pictures so this camera has been excellent for her. Even my 4 year old loves the simplicity of it as she used an entire thing of film by herself...oops! We now have lots of pictures of the dog :) The color is great too! Very easy to use and instant which is good.
excelent
Cute camera but picture quality not as good as I would have liked.  My 11 year old daughter is really into photography and has been using this camera quite a bit
My daughter loved it! Christmas gift
it takes amazing pictures
It is fun, easy to use, quality is perfect, re like
Works fine, but pictures are so tiny it is hard to get a good picture.
Got it as a present for my girlfriend and she loves it
We have two of these cameras they are awesome and the pictures turn out very clear
Love it
It was a present for my daughter HARLEY at Christmas. I  haven't heard any complaints.
recently it stopped working
This thing is so fun. I ordered it for my birthday last January and it still works like a charm. My only problem is with the price of the refills.
I absolutely love it! It's super cute and stylish. Everytime a bring it around my friends, they all say they want one! The only thing is that the system for different lighting is a bit off and confusing to work with, but I'm getting the hang of it!
very cute and very fun. but don't use it daytime outdoor otherwise the photo will look so white.
So cute ,Love it ,came a day early and I just need film to try it out.
amazing
Amazing little polaroid camera.  Takes excellent pictures.  Compact and easy to use.  I would definitely purchase this item again.  I bought this item as a bundle with the twin pack of film.
Awesome!!!
Husband and I enjoyed out little camera at our honeymoon and now always use it for other get away or memories in general when we go camping, vacation, trips etc <3 great size pics for scrap booking!
Great camera! Bought it for my upcoming wedding and I can't wait to use it.  There's not much to the camera, it's simple to use.
This camera is OK if you are just wanting to take selfies but I bought it for a trip hoping my kids could use the pictures and journal about their days on the trip. When trying to take a picture of buildings or scenery, the pictures just didn't turn out. I wasted a lot of film because of this.
Awesome fun camera!!!
Cute camera
I ordered this camera as a present for my girlfriend and she loves it. She takes it with us when we go hiking, to festivals, and on vacation. We have captured some pretty good pictures on it. It took a minute for us to learn and understand the exposure settings but after getting a hang of it we started to get more clear pictures. She loves that it prints the photos instantly and she can throw them up on our fridge or walls. I was worried about how expensive the film refills were going to be but amazon has double the film for half the price you can buy in store so I ordered her that and we will continue to order from amazon. Overall we are very happy with this camera.
So fun! Love this! Works best with close-up photos!
I really like using this camera, it is fun.  But of course the quality of pictures are low res and the directions for the settings aren't very clear.  We still love to have fun with it.  My 8 year old daughter got one too, and now her twin brother wants one for Christmas.
This camera did not work. I wasted an entire roll of film, all of the pictures came out extremely dark if not black. I did a bit of research online to make sure it wasn't user error and discovered that these cameras are prone to breaking. I returned this one and bought a new one at Target for just a few dollars more and it has worked perfectly. Not an item to buy used I suppose.
Great design. Photos are what you'd expect from an instant camera.
Daughter loved it! Bought her the purple!!
Perfect, just as expected.
Easy to load and easy to use
Works great!
Cute and lightweight
Love it!
Product is great!
I bought this for a beach trip and while I had to play with the settings; like I researched you had to for a perfect picture; I absolutely loved the pictures that resulted. I also loved the color I got, which was raspberry. It's a very neat little camera that brings out the very special moments you want to use it for.
grands loved the concept of instant pics
Daughter loves
Great.
My granddaughter loved it.
Have wanted this forever but it's so expensive in stores. But online you save a lot buying it, even the film for it is so much more affordable online! Recommend buying this â¤ï¸
haven't had a problem with this product yet! i really love it as of right now!
Great cameras for teens. A little pricey in my opinion but takes good pictures. Pretty durable and color is exactly as pic shows. Was available for prime so that was a plus.
So much fun especially now being in a digital age I love actually taking real photos.  We made a fun little album of our trip to Portugal.  The price is great too.
works great with great pics. Awesome product! Going to get some as christmas gifts.
I was very excited about purchasing this camera!! The pics are small enough to put in an envelope to send to my daughter at Air Force Basic Military Training. So I ordered 2 packs of film with it. I unpacked everything, put batteries in the camera, and put the film in the camera. There are little to no instructions for the camera or the film, but pretty easy to figure out. So I take the first pic and the black think comes out. Ok, got it. I take another pic and it doesn't develop. Then another and another. So I start google searching why my pics aren't developing. I come across and answer that says the shutter may not be closing. So sure enough, I look at the lens while I snap the pic and the shutter doesn't close. I get on Amazon and initiate the return process. In the meantime, I'm still wanting this camera, so I order another. Guess what!!!! It doesn't work either. The shutter is not closing when I take a pic. Can this even be possible???? It is user error??? If so, what could the error possibly be???? I watched youtube videos to be certain I am doing everything I'm supposed to do. All my pics do NOT develop!!! I'm returning this one as well. Scared to order another.  Very SAD!!
Was a little larger than I thought it would be.
Love this camera, perfect to have at parties. My grandpa visited it and it melted his heart after we took a photo together that now he gets to keep in his wallet! I have never used a camera like this before. Please do not expect HD pics coming out of this camera.
Love this camera!!
I accidentally reviewed this camera under the 'case' review. I gave it a good review and the case is equally good. Cute package to carry around.
Definitely would recommend to everyone, Everything was PERFECT! I absolutely love this camera!
The best
Lots of fun, we like it
For a while there, I had a different model of this instax camera, and while I loved it, it took up so much space and most times, I'd be too lazy to lug it around with me. After getting this, it makes it way easier to carry it around with me and I've since then started to build a little collection of pictures.
This is a fun little instant camera. Don't expect amazing quality photos, but its fun for the nostalgia of polaroid style pictures.
simply the best out there
There's something about vintage pictures that is amazing, and this camera does exactly that. No more paying $5 for a single picture, the Fujifilm is awesome!!!!
Waste of money. You purchase this knowing it's not the most practical item, we all have a camera in our pocket. We get it because it's a nostalgic item or because Pinterest posted a fun wedding photo booth idea, right? I fell for the later. I had several really awesome photos but the settings wouldn't work correctly, we couldn't get the flash to fire, film was coming out black, it was such a let down. We still used it at my reception but we went through so many things of film to get the few photos we have. The film is so expensive - it's so painful to troubleshoot without waisting $20.I'd recommend purchasing the bluetooth portable zinc printer instead. You'd have a better quality photo + you can still have that instant vintage photo without having to lug an extra camera around with you. Save that $50 bucks for film.
Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (Grape). I love this little instant camera. It has been a long time since I was able to take a picture and instantly hold it in my hand. There is something really special about it. I have it so much fun with this thing. It takes good pictures and is very well made. I can't put this thing down. I love it.
This works really amazing and it is very easy to use(:
Was a gift for someone, and they really like it
I got three and they shipped three days earlier and im so excited to try them!!
Love this camera
So fun
This was a huge hit with my granddaughter!
The pictures turn out great, really easy to use and practical.
very good product. fast delivery and good quality.
Love the color and style but the Camera didn't produce the photo. It seemed like it was jammed.
Gift for my 17 year old. I think I may love this camera more than my teen daughter. Perfect present! I recommend getting the accessory pack along with it (case and multiple colored lenses, selfie lens, stickers and frames).
I love this camera!  Easy to use and makes such cute little pictures.
Simply best bang for your buck Polaroid camera you can buy. The films are reasonably priced too. Would recommend it to anyone that's interesting in a Polaroid camera.
Love this little camera Flash's super bright so watch out
Amazing camera for teens. So Tumblr and fun. Film is expencive but if you buy it it is worth it.
I've gone through two of these cameras and they are complete junk. One only produced overexposed film (and I tried several cartridges) and the other just stopped taking pictures. I changed the batteries, tried different film cartridges. It makes noise and lights up but nothing comes out.I can't figure out why these cameras are so highly rated. I think they are a complete waste of money.
My 10 year old daughter loves her camera.  Easy to use, good quality.
There's something truly special about being able to capture a moment, a feeling, and then to have something tangible to remember it by in your hands within a few seconds. With smartphones and digital cameras, it's easy to take photographs and to be able to see them instantly. Having this film camera in your hands changes your perspective on how you take photographs. With every pack of film, you're only able to take 10 photographs. It makes you really capture what is important to you, and makes you think about how you use your film instead of taking a hundreds of photographs.The photographs make great gifts or DIY projects. You can even take the photographs and turn them into magnets to put on your fridge! This camera is so easy to use and fun too. You insert your new pack of film into the back of the camera to start using it. There is an on/off switch near the lens that turns the camera on. The flash makes this camera perfect for either day or nighttime use! You don't have to worry about whether or not it is too dark for your photo to show up. To take a photo, all you have to do is press the round button under the viewfinder. There are so many accessories and cases you can decorate your camera with and to keep it safe. The camera is also light enough to carry with you in your bag, when you don't want to lug around a big camera! So fun to bring with you on vacation, trips with your friends, concerts or anywhere else you would want to remember.
This camera is so cool! Bought it for my wedding. It was a smash hit!
Love love love it! Everyone should invest in a Polaroid camera.
Love this product
Camera is pretty darn good. Would have given it 5 stars but I think the pictures are a bit too small.
Heavier than I expected. Still figuring out how to take good pictures with this, they all come out a little darker than I would like. Cool little camera though, fun hobby... just wish the film wasn't so expensive. Camera is very easy to set up and included batteries.
we really love this camera
My girls loves these  cameras...only down side photo paper goes really fast and and photo paper kinda expensive
My daughter absolutely loved this camera. This is like a new polariod version with extra little features like designs and you can take selfies with it. It arrived when promised. Happy with this purchase.
Camera works great!
Broken and not working waste money!!!! There is no refund I guess I'm unhappy
Awesome camera!
Love love love
I love this camera! I've always loved polaroids. The purple one is pretty. I get lots of compliments.The only down side is that there is not way to turn off the flash; or at least I can't find a way to. So far I just use my finger to cover it.
Shipped quickly! Absolutely love it!
Outstanding , and funny!!!
Met my expectations
works like a charm
Awesome camera!  My daughter LOVES it!
This is a great little camera. Easy to use, easy to set up, easy film loading. For the price and the instant satisfaction of seeing your photos, it's worth it. This is the second one I've purchased, both were for my teenage daughters. They use them all the time. Film can be expensive, but worth it for the physical, vintage style memories. I've toyed with the idea of getting another for myself.
not very practical, expensive, doesn't take perfect pictures if you mess up. This thing is everything I wanted it to be.It's cool I love that you can still even get these things. They're just something about having a physical camera that prints a picture for you before your eyes.This thing is not for photographers it's for fun!
Brought it for a gift  The person was so excited and too happy
Great gift!!
Good product. The complimentary films run out very quick though
my daughter loved this camera!  so fun and pictures are great.  traveled with us on road trip and was a hit with the kids!
Bought for another.
Super cute camera, coolest thing I've ever bought on Amazon. Good price and great quality pictures. Don't take pictures too close they come out blurry
I love the quality of the photos. Also, it's easy to use and super cute
Really small and cute.  Would not buy for myself but i got it for my son and he really enjoys it.  It's more for kids than adults.
Girlfriend loves the vintage feel the pictures come out as.
Sometimes I require instant gratification, and this fulfills that need, plus it's gives a nice little memento that is fun and a conversation piece. I feel like I'm holding a huge egg yolk in my hands (since I got the yellow), but it's like holding happiness because everyone smiles when then see the picture pop out instantaneously. I trust the Fuji brand for quality so I believe I will be enjoying this for years to come. The only negative is the expensive film, but I went into it knowing the cost so I really have room to complain.
Granddaughter loves it
I got this for my nieces 8th birthday. She was so excited that I got this and all the accessories to go with it. Unfortunately this camera did nothing but waste my money. We tried the pictures in different ways, in the sun, out of the sun, in the dark, out of the dark, every possible angle and nothing. the pictures were dark, you couldn't tell what the pictures were, they were coming out blank or blurry.  sorry were are sending this back and are going to try the instax 70 or 90. I still haven't decided yet??
Beautiful! my niece loved it!
This was a tween gift. It was well received.
Although I don't prefer the color pink, this camera works well and has not caused any issues. Now having owned it for a year the camera has been used a lot and continues to work as it did when I first purchased it.
Got this for my niece and she loves it.......she's taken at least ten packs of film with it.  Mostly pictures of her cat!!!
I love this camera its perfect for party's
Great am in love my friends went crazy over it wanted to know where I brought it and price so I guess they about to Order pretty soon
beautiful
Was first prize in our lucky draw and everyone went crazy for it. Thanks for getting it to us in time!
Having lots of fun with this
Amazing! Just received my Instax Mini 8, and it is AWESOME! I bought it originally for my sisters bridal shower, but I'm going to start taking this everywhere I go! The quality is great. Everything is overall in shape. Great quality.
Great camera and my grand daughter loves it.  Simple and straightforward to use.  A fun camera
This is a great camera! We have used it ever since we got it!
Daughter loves it!
The camera is amazing and extremely easy to use! I love getting physical copies, so cool!!
It works perfectly. Definitely a good buy.
Pretty alright i guess
TO HAPPY TO GET IT TAKE GREAT PICTURE GOT IT FOR THIS CHRISTMAS JUST TESTED TO MAKE SURE IT WORKED AND SO FAR SO GOOD HOPE IT HOLD UP THEN. DIDNT  OPEN EVERYTHING AGAIN ITS FOR THIS CHRISTMAS 2016
Have purchased this in the past and is perfect for young adults on the go.
Love this camera, easy to use. Important to use suggested focus
So fun - I had a poloroid camera as a kid, so love this version for my child. We used different color photo papers for a photo booth at a birthday party and it made great memories AND souveneirs! Amazon's price for this camera was really great.
Such a fun gift idea!
Got this camera for my girlfriend, she LOVES it!recommended for everyone, great present for anyone! (especially your girlfriend(; )
this camera is great.. brings some nostalgia back to taking and saving photos.  Outdoor photos are perfect.  Indoor are great as long as there is a light on. Some of the pictures taking in the dark were not very easy to see. In other words, the flash is not made for professional photos.  This camera is fun, there are lots of photo albums, frames and accessories to include with this item.  I purchased mine to use at a baby shower.  It was a huge hit.  People got to take home photos of themselves with friends etc.  I included small frames and photo albums in the party favor bags  I will use it again and again.
I'd always wanted this camera..but it's not great..poor quality pics..hard to adjust to lighting.. Not what I was expecting based off of other reviews
So excited about this! I love using it, and it's small enough to carry around with me. I love it!
Great!
Love love this Polaroid! It takes awesome photos and is adorable.
good quality and great buy.
Super... I love it!!!
Excelente
Great camera and a lot of fun.
Bought it for my niece on her birthday.  She is adores it. Great product all around
Great camera! takes super cute pictures but I don't have much to say for the camera details since it was a gift.
So much fun! Everyone loves using an instant camera.
As usual a good purchase. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 is great for people who prefer actual physical photos but don't like the obnoxious photo sizes of other cameras. These are even good for people who love the very old film cameras. Would buy again (Of course I bought a 2 year warranty) Great price!
Bought it for my 10 year old and she LOVES it.  I just had to teach her to change the settings if you are outside or inside otherwise the picture does not come out
We got this for our wedding guestbook and it was a ton of fun.  The camera itself seems sturdy and well-made, was easy to get running, and takes adorable Polaroid-style pictures.  The photos tend to look a bit faded but I think that's part of the charm, right?
good
an excellent little photography treasure! the blue is very true to color. the matte smooth surface resists scratching, unless you really claw at it. i've had it for years with only faint smudges to show for it. i love how it comes in multiple colors. loading the film is very easy, there's a small window in the back that counts down to let you know how many sheets you have left before it's time to replace. the only minor gripe i have is that the lens extension button is very easy to accidentally press while in your purse. i solved this by buying a case with a front flap, so it doesnt get jostled while being tossed around in my bag.
Takes cute pictures. Smaller than the older polaroids but still have that old school feel. Just make sure to read the instructions. Put it on the setting the camera recommends (the one that has the blinking light) or your pictures may not coming out very good.
gift for my 6-year old daughter. she can easily load film and take pics. bought the bundle (camera, film, case)...great deal.
Great!
There are not a lot of instant picture printing cameras in the market yet, from what was available. I found this with the good and highest reviews. I decided to buy this as a gift for my best friend. Please view the unboxing video to see what is inside the box.NOTE: Please make sure you buy the instax films as well as shown in the video because there are no sample films included with the camera.First impressions: The looks, design and build quality are amazing. It is funky looking with vibrant colors which actually suit the camera. Pretty easy to use for starters. I see there are about 5 settings which you can use depending on the light. It is not too big, but yes, buying a camera case would be better to carry it around rather than throwing it in your backpack. It is a little delicate so be careful.The camera comes with 2 batteries which are easy to find in the market and a wrist strap. I feel they should have also included a camera case with this product.The films are about the size of your credit card and the pictures are not HD. This camera is just for fun, but there is something different about this pictures. When you look at them you actually relive the moment.I will update this review with more pictures and details on how to use it once we actually click some pictures.
my daughter loves this camera we have had so much fun with it.  thanks
My granddaughter loved it! She has to fight off her sisters, So much fun!!!
Great product
Perfect gift for the girlfriend who loves to take pictures
It's a very nice cool camera and it's so easy to use the pictures usually come out great, it's great to give people these pictures instead of just taking them from a phone, I think it adds a bit of sentimental value. I wish they weren't so tiny pictures so you can see a bit more detail but all in all it's great.
I got it as a gift and she likes the camera. The camera takes good pictures depending on the distance. Too far and it starts to be blurry. And the flash does give extra lighting (doesn't look like too much light), so it can be used for dark settings. But don't expect it to have special effects like most cameras have now. If you're looking for really sharp pictures, this is not the camera for you. If you're looking for one that you can use for souvenirs, it is a good one.
The box is a little mushed up ... But the camara works fine, the problem was with the package
so nice for the price so nice all together
Love the camera! It's great for parties I tell my guests to take a pic and leave a pic so that I can make a photo album from the event.
A BIG hit for our 11 yr old granddaughter's birthday
the purchase was perfect
It makes an amazing pics.. Recomended!)!)!
Exactly what I wanted. Way cheaper than in stores
Great item. A bit bulky but the newer model which this is, allows different exposure settings so they come out not too overexposed.
Exactly what I was looking for!!
ordered by accident
Used it for my wedding. Total blast
I bought the camera with film for my mom's birthday present and she absolutely loved it (along with the color choice too!!). Thank you for your wonderful service and I look forward to ordering a lot more items from your company in the near future!!
Loved this camera for my 9yo birthday.  It's perfect for giving her some creative ability.HINT: Make sure you buy film when you buy it... otherwise you will have some disappointment that someone cannot take a photo immediately.
I love this camera! I bought it to take pictures at my sister's Bachelorette party and wedding. I figured the women would enjoy taking pictures and are able to keep the film for memories. As soon as I opened the box my 6 year old son fell in love with it. He took it with him to the grocery store and snapped pictures of people as we shopped. Of course we asked before snapping a picture, and some of the customers were quite fond of our camera. My son convinced a few to buy one as he handed them their picture. Even though the film is wallet sized, I'm still happy with the product. I might have to  order one for my son, along with plenty of film.
Love this camera but film is expensive. This was a hit at a party. Fun to have. Gave photos to guests and they loved it!
I've been wanting this camera for so long I decided to save up and this is the best gift u could give To yourself if you're wondering about  getting it go for it !!!
Arrived very fast and in excellent Status
I LOVE these cameras!! They are so awesome! and the film is really a great price compared to older polaroid cameras!
We ordered this super cute Instax mini instant camera for our granddaughters birthday and she just loved it.  I takes instant mini Polaroid like pictures.  We purchased this in blue and paired it with an accessories kit that had a galaxy cosmos print synthetic leather case.  It looks amazing together.  I like that this is a little compact but still very easy to handle camera.  I think it can handle a few bumps from an active lifestyle of a teen which is part of the reason we chose this model.  It is easy to use, easy to install and reload film.  Overall, this was a wonderful gift for the granddaughter and she was off taking photos before the end of the day.
Arrived in non-working condition. I bought it for a wedding, and was too busy to return it, so was just a loss. Very disappointing.
Received this about 7 min ago I absolutely love it. Easy to use and so much fun.
Light, cute, and easy to use. Downsides worth mentioning are that the film packets only come with 10 sheets and getting used to the camera took me pretty much an entire pack. Another thing to note is that using the viewfinder makes the pictures come out off center. If you're looking into buying this product for the first time, I'd definitely recommend buying extra film to give yourself some leeway when trying to figure out how to take the best pictures you can.
Nice
obsessed, I literally carry this thing with me everywhere I go, it takes BEAUTIFUL pictures.
Love it!
Got this camera for my daughter's birthday. So much fun! She is 8 and is having a blast with it. But be warned that the film adds up quickly!
Great camera
Captures photos as expected, I olny think that the Photos are too expensive
I purchased this camera for my niece.  She loves it! Amazon has a great selection of different photo papers. I think its a great toy to get kids into photography and to be more creative.  She loves to take pics of her friends and gift them photos.
Bought it for my granddaughter and she loves it.
This was our 3rd one because we love them so much.  They are for our kids, but we use them too.  Fun cameras to have around.
The one I received DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. There is no visible damage but it does not work. It is a gift for my friend in China and I did not open it until I got back to China. So I missed the return time cause I am not back in the US until now. I am so mad.
Great. Thanks.
I bought this for my niece, she loves it.
I love it, I love it, I love it!
I got this as a bday gift from my husband and it's verry cute..i just adore them so much..i haven't quite learn how-to use it just yet..but my husband is teaching me how..the camera and Thw accessories are just so cute..love love themâ¤
Love it so much, I take tons of pictures and stick them on my wall.
Wonderful price for a wonderful camera! The color is super cute and the camera itself is very easy to hold and great to take fun pictures with
My daughter enjoyed using this camera. Pictures develop immediately.
I love these cameras! I have bought 3 as gifts and everyone I have given them to love them. The pictures come out so cute and are a great way to capture memories. I have had mine for almost 4 years and it is still working great.
I thought the color was brighter, but still Pink, and still an Instax! Love it ...
My nine year old loves her new camera!
It worked great and now doesn't work, :(  and can't figure out how to return to company ...
Super fun camera! Great to use to teach kids to take pictures. It has a circle in eyesite to help center the pictures.
Love love love.Great for keeping memories and it's so easy to use.
Received exactly what I wanted in a timely fashion very happy with my purchase
The camera came very quick and works perfectly!
I really like the idea of this camera.  However, I would note that if you take a photo in the daylight (even under shade), the photo that comes out becomes overexposed.  When in the sunlight, the photo is completely white (i.e. totally overexposed).  Not exactly conducive to use.
Everyone loves the pictures and the quality is awesome
Photos definitely turn out best in normal lights or sunlight. Photos in low lights/filtered lights don't turn out the best (or in mirrors because the flash ruins it)In cloudy weather colors aren't as saturated and the sky turns out a little grey rather than the actual blue you see in person (at least my experience in San Francisco)All other photos though turn out great and how I expected :)
Birthday gift and she loves it
It's a really great camera!!! Pictures print out really fast and come out pretty clear!!  Love it!
Love the pics and kids have great fun.
cute, but to me seems overpriced.
my eight year old grand-daughter loved this camera.  the only draw back is the cost/amount of film sheets.  my granddaughter immediately wanted to take pictures of everyone at her party and very quickly used up all the sheets she got as gifts.  the camera however, works great and is easily operated by an 8 year old.
Thought this would be a fun "toy" for teenagers who love instant images (vs using their digital camera and waiting to upload/share).  Either the camera or the film (Or both) are not quality as only half of the pictures seem to come out at all.  At first we thought it was "first time" user adjustments and we kept it and kept using it and then the time to return/exchange it passed.  It's fine but I think there are better ones out there and they won't disappoint the teens as often with the production of grey film every other photo for no reason.
Very fun, great novelty for party
This is a great polaroid for the price (not taking into consideration how much the costs of film will pile up in the long run). However, don't expect perfection. I had high expectations for this camera due to the thousands of positive reviews, and it really does add up. But in the end, it is more or less a toy. It's cheaply (but well-) manufactured; the viewfinder is not connected to the lens, so if you center the subject you want to capture with the guide in the viewfinder, the picture will not come out centered. Think of the lens and viewfinder in the sense of how it's physically positioned; the lens is positioned about an inch to the left of and lower than the viewfinder. The picture will come out this position if you use the guide of the viewfinder, so adjust accordingly after some practice shots. This means that, yes, you will waste some shots out of your expensive film cartridge.Another reason why I gave it a three-star review (on top of it feeling super delicate like a toy in your hands) is because the camera itself will not always print the last film of your cartridge or the count will be off. I've practiced with a few cartridges, and the count is incorrect more often than not, leading you to believe you have that last picture to use when you really don't, or its count will be off and not print the last film that you have. I've seen other Youtube videos where users have had the same issue, so I think with such a cheap camera, this will happen every now and then.But all in all, I'm super pleased with the vintage look and shots that I've captured thus far. It's not a perfect Polaroid camera, but it does the job, and you'll look cute while you're at it.
I will be using this for my wedding guest book. Product shipped quickly. I took a test pic and it came out great!
Worked for about a week, then the flash stopped working and it's just been in my corner ever since.
Bought 2 of these as gifts. Both recipients loved. Highly recommend
I love it! The product it's exactly like the picture. And the photos are great!
Works great, looks great, pictures come out fast and look awesome!
Product came quickly and exactly as advertised! However, the box came damaged and it was for a gift. Not as appealing but gift was still in working order.
So cute! I use it all the time!
Pictures do not come out clear. A lot come out white washed.. Loved the idea but not to buy..
my kids love it they say there making  memories
Fun camera for kids...except the film for it is expensive
Excellent Service, Excellent Product!  Absolutely love it!
Super cute camera...great for any Hello Kitty fan!!!
Can't be leave these things are cumming back!  A product that really was not that great in the 70's but my daughter (15) thought this was the greatest thing ever.  Big hit with the friends.....I don't get it...but she's happy!  You don't get many pictures out of film packs
Great camara. The pics are a bit smaller that i touhgt.
Love it!
So cute
Wonderful product. Nostalgia galore! Takes great photos!
I absolutely love my new camera! The pictures come out instantly and the quality is great. I love that the lens automatically adjusts to the setting that I'm in. My family and friends all want one now. Lol. This is the best birthday gift I could've given to myself!
Great camera:) no complaints. Love the little pictures.
My Granddaughter loves it.  Thank you.
At first I couldn't get all the lights to stop flashing in the front and had to go through 3 different batteries to fix it. Seems to be working now
Awesome camera! Love having the photos print out instantly.
This camera is great! I just wish it came with a strap or something. I feel like it's a cheap plastic and will break if I drop it!
We set up the camera per instructions and lights on front keep blinking, indicating a need for new batteries. New batteries did not help. It just keeps blinking and making a revving up sound. I will be returning.
Nice
Really nice products, my GF have lot of fun with it. I bought this camera for my GF bday, with Fujifilm INSTAX Mini Instant Film Twin Pack.  I'm not a big fan of instant camera, i'm more digital, but this one change my mind. For digital camera you took a picture and save it on computer, i guess that you still have to picture but to me, instant camera that capture the perfect moment, and you can take it with you better than go on computer and printed.  Instant camera seem more memorable than digital, in my opinion.  Great product and highly recommended.
HUGE HIT!!!!  Purchased for my daughter for her birthday.  She is in love with this camera.....she is now bringing it everywhere with her.Easy to use and perfect size not huge like the Polaroid cameras of my youth.
great
It's great but the first day I got it it broke :( . It does feel cheap and plastic-y.
It completely stopped working. I used it since June this year and was loving it. Now, every time that I turn on my camera, it just flashes and I can't take pictures. I honestly don't know what happened, but I can't replace it or return it anymore. Very little life... Extremely disappointed.
A cute little camera! I used it for my wedding and the guests absolutely loved taking pictures with it!
I loved it came fast and it's what I expected I loved it ðŸ˜
Inlove it
I want to love this because the pictures that do turn out well are really artsy. I'm the new world Polaroid Picasso. I can't get it to take good pictures that turn out well outside though. They are all so white that you can't tell which side of the cat it is. I guess I would recommend just taking pictures inside if you get this or figuring out how to take pictures outside (the directions aren't in English).
Favorite camera EVER!
Loved it.
This camera is lightweight and easy to throw into a bag and take on the go. I opted to not buy the case and I haven't had any issues thus far, but I also haven't tested this in rugged conditions. It's really a perfect gift for kids, teens and even college age students. I'm in my 30s, but I love it as well.The big downside is that the film is expensive, but I did not let that affect my review of the camera itself.
Very convenient for traveling! I definitely recommend getting the carrying bag/purse for it, as it can get bumped around a lot. I carried mine in my bag, and I would occasionally hear a hum coming from my bag, just to find that I had turned the camera on and popped out the lens by accident.
Girlfriend loves it.
If you are considering getting a Fujifilm Instax Mini, do it! Our niece had one and we used it for my father is laws 75th birthday for a DIY photo both and it was so much fun. Then we barrow it from her with the birth of our son and took picture with everyone the first time they held him and those photos are on a cork board in his room. We loved hers so much we got one for ourselves. The film is easy to load, the batteries last a long time, and the picture quality is great. The film is pricey so itâ€™s not like the digital where you can just take and take picture so we use it sparingly. Each time I bring it more people are impressed by it and ask question about it. Also love that it comes in so many colors.
Present for granddaughterShe is very happy with it
I bought this for my daughter and she was very happy with it, she likes things that are old timey and this was as close as I could get to the one like I had growing up. I really hated to buy it because the film is so expensive and she really likes to take pictures. I also thought the pictures were dark and the quality was not very good.
My daughter loves it!!!
My daughter totally loved getting this for her birthday! The product is well-made and super-cute! It's exactly what we needed to put a HUGE smile on her face and well-worth the price!
Super fun camera.  We use this all the time.  Great for keepsakes.
I love this camera! It has become my go-to for memorable events!
Cute camera and perfect for memories. The film is pricy but worth it. Really recommend and it's still a popular camera
5 year old takes perfect pictures with this!
It's so fun capturing life's little moments with one of these cameras! I am not at all disappointed with my purchase and if you're debating on purchasing one of these, I would highly recommend it.
I take this camera everywhere with me, it was quickly shipped & it's so cute. Hello Kitty is my favorite! Thank you!
love it...
Worked great really fun camera my daughter has a blast with it.
EVERYONE loves my camera! I get compliments every time I take it out and about with my friends. So glad they are making a comeback
Christmas gift for my sister, had some issues getting it to work the first week but after some time on the phone with the manufacturer it was resolved.
some time work and some time is not work.
I love my camera, it's gone everywhere with me this summer including hiking trips to bachelorette parties. Great buy and great memories.
Absolutely love it
Love it! Very happy and pleased with my purchase, I wish I can have all the colors
Girlfriend loved it! Only down fall is film is expensive and goes quickly and easily.
Bought this for a bday gift for my lil girl. She loved it. Film is quite expensive avg $1 a pic. so tell them to practice their shot with their phones before goin trigger happy on the shutter, and start askin you for $20 every couple days to refill their stock.
Exactly what I wanted! Sure, it can be difficult to take the perfect shot, but that's part of the fun of instant film! If you keep in mind that the viewfinder is to the right of the lens and take into consideration the lighting around you, you'll get the hang of it really quickly. For a cheap, fun novelty, this camera is fantastic.
LOVE THE COLOR
I enjoy the camera and the pictures are decent quality. The one downfall is that the pictures are not the "normal polaroid size" you would think.
Was a present for step daughter she loves it
very happy.
Excelent product and delivery!
Ok
I want to thank Amazon for the great delivery. I received this from my boyfriend as a bday gift. And I couldn't be happier. It's a beautiful camera.  I cannot wait for the wonderful Memories to be captured
A great gift for my sister on her birthday, but was annoyed it did not ship with a pack of film in the box.
love love love this item. so happy i got it.
Pictures are very small so difficult to photograph . You have to get up really close or you see very little.  Limited use.
This a great camera and love the fact that they are keeping the polaroid in style. awesome pictures right at your finger tips. Camera is awesome
Excellent camera
It was as expected.
This product arrived defective. I wanted to use it for my guest book and photo booth at my wedding and every single photo came out either completely white or blacked out. Unfortunately, by the time I got back from my honeymoon, it was too late to return the product, so now I'm keft with a defected camera and no way to fix the situation. This is extremely frustrating because it was advertised as in working condition and like new. Yes, the product looked like it was on new condition, but no, it doesn't work. I'm extremely upset that I'm stuck with a broken camera, wasted money on this defective product, and an unreachable seller.
Got this as a gift my gf loves it the pictures come out cool
Love it!!! Best gift you can get to a girl or mother.... Great memories it a pretty way.
Item was perfect
I love it
This camera is great for children and adults alike.  Instant photos are unique.
These cameras are so much fun.  Similar to an old Polaroid.  The film is kind of expensive, but it is just a fun and retro way to take pictures.  I bought one for each of my kids and they have a blast with them.
The best gift my daughter receive
exelent!
I've been wanting this since a friend had one for their wedding guest book! So glad I bought it.Amazon has the best price I've seen and we tried it out at my daughters birthday. It was a hit!
The camera does not work, return it to the seller.
Bought this for a gift for my mother, she loves it and uses it everywhere she goes!
Got this for my grand daughter she takes great pictures...9 years old
Wow!.... I was so excited when I finally recieved this Fujifilm Instax Mini camera. I purchased this for my grand daughter for Christmas. I opened it up and the color Raspberry is beautiful. I thought it came with film so I looked everywhere for it. No film to take photos with. Must purchase separately. So, I just couldn't wait to give it to her. Her cousin from England just arrived and I wanted her to be able to use it. I purchased film and she went crazy with it. The first picture was super light and blurry. Then the second one turned out much better. I think this is the greatest thing since the old Polaroid cameras.
Great for travel. I love the picture modes and just the over all quality. I would recommend this to anyone.
YES!
Great camera
Easy to use camera and really fun at parties. Solid item for the money.  Love this mini 8 camera!  Everyone at the party loved it!
It is awsome but the pack it comes in little PhotoKit
It's a nice, simple camera. Despite its deceptive, almost child's camera looks (I like it, maybe not in everyone's taste), it produces excellent results on a small, credit card-sized film. It fits perfectly into wallets due to its size. Operation of the camera is very user-friendly, simple push the small button to the right of the lens to power on and wait until the camera decides what light level to use. Once it does, an LED will indicate which setting to use. Then line up the shot and push the button below the viewfinder. When taking shots that are close, make sure to remember that the viewfinder and lens are offset, so aim slightly up and right when close. Far shots it doesn't make a difference.
It's easy to use and small enough to use for going on adventures. You don't have to worry about the battery being charged and just bring it and go! Very stylish and vintage-esque. The light settings take a bit of practice at first to see which desired results you want, but other than that everything works amazing! Definitely a universal gift!
good
It works perfectly, no scratches, no cracks, works like as if it was created yesterday!
This camera is super trendy and takes awesome pictures. It's like a blast from the past when you're using the instax mini. The pictures that come out are super vintage looking and make for Great Wall decorations. The camera is a simple point and shoot with different light exposure options. The pictures can be alittle confusing just looking at them but the instructions have it all laid out for you. The family loves taking picture with this to make it feel like the good ol days. You do have to buy film for this but that's an obvious because it prints them instantly.
I bought this as a gift and it came on time and it was everything I needed!
my daughter loves it.
worked well
Bought it for a friend and she loves it.
Cause my daughter loves it ,so it makes me happy.
Simple and easy to use. I love that the photos are easy to load and the film for it is great and vibrant. I like that that the photos that come out look more like they did way back then, but still look more updated. If that makes sense.
Love the camera and the color the only problem is that the indoor outdoor settings twist knob doesn't work properly and when that happens the picture color quality isn't great. When we are outdoors we change the setting to sunny but it flashes the knob twists settings on it its on and pictures come out really bright with a lot of glare. Other than that when it's working it works great and it has taken great quality pics but sometimes it doesn't. So you will waste more film then anticipated.
My 11YO loves this. Only wish the refills weren't so expensive.
it was what i thought great price, pic quality was not quite what i had hoped for but it is an instant camera. It was bought for my 11 year old and it works for her to mess around with and learn about costs of hobbies, film is pricey.
Polaroid is back!!! 10 times better!!!
So far it's a really nice camera! Takes really vivid pictures and my mom loves it!
Nostalgically fabulous!!! SO cute. And retro looking... Even though no old camera ever looked like this.I love this "little" thing. By today's standards NOT so little, but adorable. This thing is not going into your pocket. Maybe not even your purse... Consider purchasing a case with a strap. The light pink color is perfect. It is easy to use and thankfully pretty intuitive... Since the MANY sheets of instructions are fairly worthless. (Particularly if your eyes are over 20 years old!) I never could find exactly how to load the film so I kind of guessed, and it worked...TO LOAD FILM: (Have batteries installed before adding film... THAT I got from the instructions) Simply drop the opened pack of film in the back, with the 2 little indention areas facing OUT towards you, and the plastic-wrap-ish strip facing the top of the camera. Shut the back, now press the little button under the lens, which opens the lens and turns the camera on. Push the shutter button one time and the cover piece to the film will come out the top. Discard this. Now DO NOT OPEN THE BACK until the film canister is empty. You'll expose the film (got that from the instructions, too).Now just point and click. The photo comes right out the top... Pull it off but try not to touch the image. Within a few seconds you can see the image start to develop (always been the fun part of An instact camera!!)The one thing I hope they can improve in the future... The viewfinder is a little small. If i turn the canera for a horizontal photo, i have trouble seeing through the lense with my glasses on. It needs to be bigger.The photos are small (see my photos here for measurements... Darker ones were at twilight) and what you'd expect from and instant camera, but maybe better than I remember mine being, just a bit. Not digital quality but fast fun and fairly fabulous really! Not blurry. But i suggest you be pretty close to your subject... Play around with it a bit.I'm still planning to use my digital camera for most memories, but my hope is to take one or two instant photos on each trip and add those little photos into my scrapbook with my memorabilia. Then use my camera and computer to see the bulk of them.I suspect I'll buy another as a gift, too.:-)
Love this camera!  Easy to load the film and use.  The pictures are adorable and pop right out of the top of the camera.  The blue color is very pretty.
I got this Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 instant camera for my niece for her birthday.  I purchased the raspberry colored one and the color is a little bit darker in person, more of a red than a pink, it's still a really cute color.  This camera is easy to use and a lot of fun. I got my niece a selfie lens to go with it, she's turning 11 and so of course she wants to take a bunch of selfie's.  The camera is easy to use, and the pictures are about the size of a credit card. I think that my niece is going to have a lot of fun with this camera and I see a lot of film being purchased in the future.  Overall we are very happy with his camera and she loves it, so I would recommend it to anyone looking for an instant camera.
I love it
We bought this for a photo booth at my daughters graduation open house. Everyone loved it. Holding up picture frames in front of you and your friends,and taking silly pictures, was a total hit. You just have to realize the pictures are smaller in comparison to the old Kodak One Step, for those who remember that. I still have one with film, but with the new style and all the different colors, there was no way my daughter was going to let me bring that out. Lots of fun and works great.
My son loved it.
great camera
Such a good price for a good camera. Really liked this one.
The most fun (and cutest) way to take pictures. I took this with me on my trip to Washington to visit one of my best friends. I made a whole scrap book (over 60 pictures!). I took a whole bunch of pictures of my friends and family and hung them up around my room, it's a nice decoration. People always think its really cool when I take it out. I took some pictures with it when I went to Disneyland yesterday, it got an indirect compliment from Kylo Ren (he was impressed by the photographers use of "the force" when to picture rose out at the top and told him to join him in the dark side)!
I wasn't really aware of how small the photos would be. I thought they would be more like Polaroids than postage stamps. But it does take the photos.
So fun, so awesome. There is something about the candid feel of instant photos. My wife and I think it's nostalgic, our teenage kids think the pictures are lame but the function is fascinating. If you like the old school Polaroids, this camera will bring you back. Rated a 4 out of 5 because the film is so expensive.
Very cute little camera with a fun almost vintage but not quite feel. Easy to use and takes pictures that aren't very high quality but are fun to take at parties and give them out to your friends as gifts. This camera works very well and was much less expensive on amazon compared to other places I've seen such as urban outfitters (it was about 70 dollars and did not come with any film)
I used this for a photobooth for my girlfriend's bridal shower and it was adorable!
This is an awesome throwback! The picture takes a little while to pop out but everything else is great! I love instant cameras!
It does not work great at night what so ever. As well as outside in the sun. Pictures came out either black or super light unless it was taken indoors
I ordered this for my 6 year old photography lover. We got it with Amazon Prime, therefore it was delivered within two days. He was so excited! We opened the package loaded the film cartridge and he's been snapping pictures ever since. I would recommend this product to anyone, and would re order as well. Thank you Fujifilm for a great product.
very fun! I bought for my girl friend she aboslutely loved it.
Perfect for capturing life's moments. Love my instax camera!
Had great fun with this camera at my daughters birthday bash.  Hung pictures on a board her friend had made her during the party
I absolutely love the camera. It takes amazing pictures.
there is no where in the description, in the box or in the instructions saying FILM DOES NOT COME WITH IT? BUT BATTERIES DO? come on--that's crazy....so I got this for my daughter's birthday and she can't use it because now we need to order film for it? this needs to be somewhere in the description of the camera! boo! just include it so we can use the camera when we get it!
pictures not as good as a regular camera -- fun for my granddaughter
Absolutely love this camera! It is a little larger than I expected, its definitely not compact by any means. Prepare to have something to carry it in unless you dont mind carrying something around with you. Overall great product, super happy with the purchase.
LOOOVEEE this camera! It's cute, the color is LOVELY, and portable. It was exactly what I was looking for. The pictures is smaller than I expected, but it's a wonderful keepsake. Totally recommend.
the s wouldn't turn to 10 and when turned on the red light did not blink
Super cute camera! Perfectly good condition love it so much!
Product was shipped quickly, came in perfect quality. Great price. Wasn't disappointed whatsoever.
Great quality pics. It was a gift. My niece loved it!!
Absolutely love it, so much fun and easy to use.
Always Ben a fan of the Polaroid cameras growing up & this new version still brings me back! Love love love it!
absolutely love !
I have taken this to nearly every single trip I have gone since its purchase. It is an expensive camera at first, not really since I bought it at around 60 dollars. But on the long run, Film can be quite expensive. This camera just requires 2 double A batteries. You pop them in and wait for it to light up an automatic indicator telling you what lens to use and boom a great memorable polaroid. Although sometimes the light sensor can be tricked if you cover the sensor or other light is being shined at it, so consider your surroundings before setting the indicated lens. Also the only thing that would or should be changed would be where the preview lens is. It is awkward being on the side. No one tends to know where to look at first.
Exactly what my daughter wanted and works great!! Perfect for the tween amateur photographer:) Love this polaroid.
dont buy from this carrier, they are shady af
I love this camera , it isa peice you really have to own and the pictures are magnificent but make sure to put it on the correct setting
Good
I purchased this to use for our Polaroid guest book at our wedding. It was GREAT! We bought extra batteries but only need 2 sets for the whole night. Photos turn our clear and everyone had a great time with it. My grandmother used to have a Polaroid camera and we loved getting the photos instantly! I'm excited to keep this and use it for other parties!
My daughter thinks this thing is great.  Why anybody wants a modern day Polaroid camera is beyond me; and, just like the Polaroids, the photos are not nearly as good as what you can get with a digital camera or a smart phone. I guess instant photos are still fun.  Poor old Polaroid, if only they knew.
Bought for my friend and we had fun using it right away. So cute, makes a nice decor piece as well.
Nice little camera!
I don't know if it's how I'm taking pictures or if the camera is faulty, because the settings never seem to work for me. Other than that, the camera works perfectly.
I love this camera and I am so pleased with this purchase! It is very compact and lightweight so it is perfect for traveling to any location or event worth capturing on film. The color of this product is very true to the picture which was nice too! The settings are very easy to understand and there is a manual that comes with the camera which provides clear instructions on the best method for use. I would highly recommend this camera for anyone who is contemplating this purchase. You will love it and have a blast while capturing your memories! The price is awesome and I think it was definitely worth spending my money on!
Piece of crap, pictures are dark (even with flash).  Also, the camera broke after 6 months of minimal use.
My fiance loves this camera,  and was telling me she wanted this camera months in advance.  She was so excited when she got it.  She wish there was a mirror to take selfish but she actually found a accessory online and will be ordering soon
This is my favorite toy! It's a blast to bring anywhere. People get a kick out of it. Not to mention- that price is so low! I highly recommend.
Great product and an excellent price. Cheaper than big box stores when purchased as the whole kit. My daughter loves it.
What a great throwback to earlier times!!! Gave this as a gift to the wife and she loved it! In a digital day and age how cool to get the instant gratification from a physical photo to pass around and then throw on the fridge. Don't expect high quality photos but what it lacks in quality it easily makes up in fun!I knocked off one star for functional issues while trying to use the peep hole (what your look through to take the photo) and then trying to take the photo. They just don't fully work well together. Maybe it's my larger hand/fingers that cause the problem but none the less it was a little cumbersome. No biggie though as I'm looking more at the experience and not so much the final product.Great find and huge kudos for gift creativity!
Used this for graduation, takes longer to produce a picture than expected, but works well.
Takes really crappy pictures, like pinhole camera. Picture format is the size of a passport photo. Kids like this for a couple weeks, til they stuff it in a drawer and forget about it in lieu of the smartphone camera. The film is extremely expensive per picture. Construction seems to be above average. Actually, it's still somewhat of an engineering marvel, but its quality is very poor. But the optics produce pictures like something you'd expect from a happy meal toy. This is an expensive novelty item. I'd suggest looking for a used camera to satisfy the whim. Then, trade it to someone else.
98% of my photos came out completely black. I've tried many different packs of film now to see if maybe my film or lighting was the issue. The film is not the issue. It's too late for me to return this since I bought it in April, but I would definitely not recommend this camera! I'm truly disappointed since Polaroids are really fun.
Bought this camera for our 5 year old girl, she adores it. Takes it everywhere
Love these things, thanks.
This takes great pictures.
Love!!! Super fast, easy for kids to use!
My grand daughter loves the camera! She has to get use to how to set the settings......as the film is a little pricey!I haven't received the two year warranty protection that was suppose to come via E-mail that I paid from!!!!
Just what I wanted to get into film photography. Although buying film get be annoying and spendy. Actually holding the photo in your hand makes it even more special.
The quality leave's a lot to be desired.  Very Easy to use and if you aren't expecting more than a novelty fun device, this is great!
I love that polaroid pictures made a comeback. We took ours to Africa so we could leave photos for the orphans we were working with. You want to see a kids face light up give them a polaroid! :) But seriously it works exactly like you remember it. any easy load cartridge is inserted, you line up the shot in the window, and out pops the picture. I had to shake the picture for about 5-10 minutes before it fully developed. A couple never fully developed. Not sure what caused this exactly but I think that is normal. It obviously had to survive a lot of handling and adverse weather, and it handled it like a champ. I'm sure these are already a huge hit at weddings but they would also be great for parties if you setup one of those photo booth areas. You can buy this and be happy with the results. If this was helpful please Like the review. Thanks!
love it
Love the hello kitty film! The film is about the size of a credit card. Our daughter loves watching the film develope.
I've been wanting one of these for quite a while and I'm really glad I finally decided to buy one. They take very nice pictures and in the instructions it has a lot of tips to avoid out of focus or poorly lit shots. It's really nice to be able to take a picture and immediately have the physical copy!!
such a fun camera, and super easy to use
It gets all stars cause it's so great. Two of my friends had this at the last party I went to and I bought it while I was there. Came the next day (may not be the case for everyone) and I can't wait to use it. I got it in the Grape color and it's perfect.
Awesome camera!!! I bought it for my 10th year-old niece and she loves it!!!! Picture quality is great and loved the color!!!
my daughter is very excited
I love it so much. Mine doesn't give me any problems. It takes amazing pictures and is easy to handle.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.
I love this Polaroid. I bought it for my graduation party but it is sturdy and looks like I can use it for much more. The white isn't tacky or plastic-y. Super cute and will make for some great memories!
I LOVE my little camera. It's so cute!
Bought this for my little sister and she LOVES IT!! Comes with everything you need to start taking some awesome instant photos! Jut make sure you buy the one that comes with film! Film is easy to install, photos are easy to take and the camera is great quality!I like bringing back the vintage vibes with this camera as it gives a nostalgic feeling when your photo instantly comes out of the camera!Great product!
The color of this camera is ugly, not as pictured and I returned it.
Love love love this camera! Only giving 4 stars because after taking 3 pictures with it the film started developing into just an all black picture. I did my research and this is a somewhat common defect of the Mini 8 cameras. I returned this camera to Amazon and they had sent me a new one in only 2 days!!! Amazing customer service I am beyond pleased!
Great little camera. Love the photos
This camera is super cute and takes great photos. Very easy to use, easy to load film, pictures turn out great. Had one that was black after taking it.  Love the grape color...all around great buy!
good product
Absolutely love it!!
It was broken when I got it. Will not turn on no matter how many batteries I try. Now I have to go through the trouble of using the warranty.
Awesome!
It gets shadey in the eyehole thing. When I bought this i was excited to take a bunch of pictures. It gets old after like 4 pics.
Still having trouble using this but I know when I read the "how too" book I will learn.I love it
Great product
Everything met my expectations
Super cute! As soon as the pictures come out I pin them above my bed. Lots of fun to use for all ages. Great gift
I ordered the raspberry color. Installation of film was simple and easy. Package comes with a string handle and 2 AA batteries. NOTE::film is sold separately unless stated its a bundle. The only con is that it's only 10 photos per film box so it gets pricey after awhile.
My camera came broken
Works great!
Perfect!
Okay, so I really like this camera a lot, my only issue being that it doesn't come with any film at all if you get the base version. Okay, shame on me, I should have read all of the customer questions in detail, but nowhere on the page does it actively say "film not included." Well, hopefully you're reading the reviews before you buy because the base camera does not include ANY FILM AT ALL. I didn't expect much, maybe just a starter pack of even five pieces just so you could at least test out the camera a few times without wasting film.Besides that, I think this is a wonderful camera! I've gotten so used to taking digital photos, that I almost never print them out anymore. This camera is the key to physical, tangible photo memories, perfect for a scrapbook or (in my case) my bulletin board at college. I can't wait to use this to make memories of my junior and senior years!
Thought it would come with the papers but looks lovely
I got my girlfriend this as a birthday gift and she loves this product and has been taking pictures non-stop! It's a little chunky, but she has a purse, so no worries there!
Overall a really great camera for 12 and 13 year Olds but there are a few downsides to this camera. The quality of the pictures is actually pretty decent but they are slightly blurred. And you have to center the lense not the viewer on the side. It cuts off half of the image. The color is almost exactly to what you see in the pictures and this is a really great birthday present for the price but if you're looking for a camera that will center the picture get the Polaroid snap the picture quality isn't very different but there are no worries about how the picture will turn out.
Love it!! So glad I got it, super fun
Love the color! Easy to use and works great. I've had it in my wishlist for quite a while, and finally happy that I decided to get one
I love my camera. It takes "fun size" photos at two different positions.  Just remember to set the lense for the proper lighting or you will be wasting a Polaroid as I have done.
Love it! Disappointed that turning the flash off is not an option. It washes out the photo in some lighting. Good for the price :)
Gift. She loved itm
love it
It's more of a red than a raspberry. Not too happy about that.
Daughter loves it
Fun and affordable camera for kiddos. We purchased this camera as a Birthday present for an 8 year old. What smash hit. The camera feels sturdy in your hand, not like a piece of cheap plastic. The buttons are larger so easier to push for smaller hands. The instructions were a little complicated but like any 8 will sit and read the instructions. A quick explanation of the camera by an adult and they were off taking pictures, nice ones too. The film brings back that nostalgia. In the camera case came the camera, the instructions and a wrist strap. It did come with two AA batteries. There was NO film with the camera as it says. We have had great clarity with pictures, even when the 8 year old is taking them.This is a super fun camera and you can buy a bunch of accessories to go with it, even a selfie lens! This is a very fun camera for younger kids and a would be a great camera for weddings, birthday parties, or any party.
I bought this for my daughter for her 8th birthday and she loves it!  Its good ol' fashioned fun.  A little sensitive to lighting, it took her 5 pictures or so to get the hang of it, but she loves it.
Kids are enjoying it..
My daughter loves this camera, especially the color.
excelent , thanks
my third one! gave the first away because I wanted a different color and the second one just broke this weekend (after so many years!). I love instant cameras!no filter was used for the pic. it's a true raspberry color not so much hot pink like I originally assumed.
Love this camera. The color is so cute, looks exactly like the picture and it's the perfect size
SUPER fun & amazing. Came a day early
Good
excellent!!
The pictures come out way to light!
The camera is beautiful and my teenager niece loves it (she's 12). It's very easy to use. I recommend to buy it along with the purple case, it protects the camera perfectly. Arrived as promised, which is something to brag about since international shipping tends to be an ordeal. The color is exactly as shown in the image.
Wasted a pack of 60 films with this camera, tried everything, it just wont develop!
Fantastic
It was great quality and did what I expected it to.
My preteen loves it! Well made product too!
Awesome gift
Fun! I bought this in a nostalgic phase. Reminds me of middle school. The pictures come out a little small for my liking, and the light setting can be a little tricky to figure out, which means you waste a few pictures trying to get the picture to come out right. That is annoying to me, as Polaroid film is expensive and it can add up quickly. Overall its a fun idea. I love the color and I use it occasionally. I don't use it as much as I would like because of how expensive the film is.
The camera was inexpensive compared to other places where these are sold. The pictures about the size of a drivers license. The camera takes good pictures except for in sunny areas.
Simply adorable
Love this, bought it for a friend.
This camara was above my expectations it's been working perfectly. I've already had it for a few months now and it hasn't had any problems. I put some of the pictures in my daughters lo jet and she loves it
Came in perfect condition and works very nicely!
It was working fine! And now when I turn it on it starts taking 2 pictures automatically! When I have film inside and when I don't. It already ate 4! I need a replacement!!!
My daughter has only used it once since I purchased it and the pictures are very nice and clear.
This is really fun for my 16 year old daughter.We gave it to her at her birthday party.She and friends liked taking pictures and having them readily available and watching them develop before their eyes.I think I am going to buying lots of FUJI film over the year and better invest.
I don't recommend to purchase as it wasn't working well within days and weeks later not at all. My very responsible 12 year old daughter was extremely careful when handling it and hardly used it. Her friends had the same problems. JUNK! I would recommend buying from a retail store where you can return if you have an issue.
We had so much fun with this camera!
Love this
A great camera for instant photos! Fairly easy to use and the picture quality is decent!
I wish I could give this a 10 star review.  I LOVE my instax. We bought it for our guest book for our wedding and I'm hooked.  I keep a constant supply of the film to take pictures of my daughter from the time she was born to every month picture,  her baby book, fun event,  birthday party,  i just can't get enough of it.  The only down side is that I wish I had spent the 10 extra dollars and gotten a colored one because white gets dirty so quickly.
This such a fun camera. I love having so many polaroid pictures.
fun fun fun
I absolutely adore this camera!! Works great, so cute, exactly what I was hoping for.
Loving my new Fuji Instax mini 8 camera!!!!  Perfect for parties, Selfies with old friends, etc.  I recently went to a baby shower where they had a pink one, because the mom was expecting a girl.  They created an album of photos people shot from it at the party!  How cool!I also bought the carrying case, so the photo shown has the bottom half of the case showing.  It is not included with the camera.  I will be having lots of fun with this baby!
My granddaughter loved it
Camera is NOT pink it's an ugly orange color...so sad I will be returning!!!!!!!
My wife loves it!
It's a wonderful camera
This is a fun camera and as someone who has always had some instant camera this one is perfect and fun
Very easy to use, pictures are great, the color is beautiful(i have the rasberry one)I recommend!!!
Our camera takes truly horrible pictures. while the flash goes off every time, their appears to be no light metering. The exposure is constantly way off and blurry. (most often overexposed) I realize most pictures are taken by my 7 year old's hyperactive hands but a flash is supposed to help compensate for that. Maybe we got one that has something wrong with it but I have only seen one or two pleasing picture out of hundreds taken..
Awesome camera !!! loving it !!
This is a wonderful instant camera. I have tried out other ones but the pictures do not come out that great. I love the size of the pictures and the style of the camera. Very easy to use.
BEST CAMERA EVER!!! Love this camera! Its the cutest thing i have ever owned! Its seriously the best and takes great pictures!!!!
its really cute and fun to have
Super cute camera to have; I think my favorite thing about it is actually having tangible photos for memories, also did include batteries !
I love the idea of instant photos for my scrapbook, but the photos where poor.  Seem like you can only use it in daylight if you want to see who is in the photo and If i took it in direct sunlight the pics where blurry.
some pictures ended out coming out blank and the lens was still open, and even if the camera is on it shouldn't let it take a picture.all though the pictures that worked came out pretty good!
I am so glad I bought it on Amazon, it comes with a protection plan but even after that, the total was still cheap. The camera is not too bulky but not thin as modern digital cameras. It does the job of taking pictures but I am still not used to working the flashes.
It came in perfect condition and it works great!! I highly recommend this camera!!
Amazing totally recommend buying best thing ever !
Nice little camera in a time where instants are harder to come by. The design is nice, with smooth sides and hand grips that make it comfortable in your hand. The photo quality is good but not excellent because it's sometimes hard to decide which lighting mode to put it in, but that's to be expected with an instant camera as they're more for the novelty than practicality. I've had mine for a little over a year and it still works as well as the day I got it.
My daughter loves it. Very good quality.
Simple, easy to use....great little pictures.
Half of the pictures are always black. Horrible product.
The camera itself works great. The only problem I had was I ordered the raspberry color, which looks like it's a fun pink color. It's not. The color that came out of the box was more like a burnt orange. It actually looks like it was super old and faded.  I wanted to send it back, but it was my daughters birthday gift and she was too excited to have it (although she did say the color wasn't her favorite - and still refused to send it back).
Can't wait to use on my trip, love how these photos come out
great gift
Soooo cute!  ðŸ’•
Good gift for teen
I loved it, it works perfecly
So cute and fun to use.
I love it so much!
Love the thought of instant film again!
pictures are too small
I had my doubts about this camera based on some of the reviews I read, but it's actually pretty awesome. You hardly need the instructions to figure out how to put it together, meaning put in the batteries, put in the film, put it on the right setting for the lighting and shoot! My picture came out clear and of good quality for a polaroid. This is going to be so much fun to use at weddings and family trips, I'm really excited to have added this as one of my accessories besides my cellphone camera. The film is a little expensive, but it is not meant for taking as many pictures as you would on your iphone camera, I really will only be using this for special occasions anyway, but it would be nice if they could lessen the price of the film! Especially since it is so tiny (like others have said, the size of a credit card) but the camera is SO worth it for the price, and for the overall joy it brings to you and your family. If you have kids, they will absolutely love it too! Great buy. I will make sure to add photos later!
I love this camera
Love this camera!
Cute, compact, and super fun to use!! Love my new camera!
Super cute camera! Absolutely love it! The picture quality is not so great, but I guess that is kinda expected with Polaroid pics.
Beautiful camera, in great condition and the shipping was extremely fast!--Can't wait to use it.UPDATE: I love it so much! The Polaroid pictures are really cute and it's so easy to take them! Works like a charm.
This Camera did the best for me. Yes it might be confusing at first but once used it can just become one of your favorite things to do in your free time. If you're a person planning to want to get in taking photos and or want another camera to have fun taking pictures with this Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant could be right for youðŸ˜Š.
Used this for the guestbook at our wedding. Guest loved it and I haven't stopped using it since. Something unique compared to all the selfies.
SUCH A FUN CAMERA!  QUICK PICS FOR MY 8 YEAR OLD WHO LOVES PHOTOGRAPHY
my daughter love this! Thanks for a smooth transaction!
Awesome !!!
Good quality, cool throw back to days gone buy with the original Polaroid cameras.
Great product!
BUMBEB it didn't come w film but it's wonderful
Love it!
got this for my wife. she loves it
Ok this camera is everything to my daughter. Old school fun. Easy to work and not to big. Great fun!!!
My daughter adores this camera. A great gift option for tweens. Wish the film was more cost reasonable, otherwise great item.
Perfect, just as described.
Very good camera, I totally recommended.
Instant cute memories. Was a hit on vacation when I was able to give one of the locals photos to keep. They loved and appreciated it. Priceless.
Good
Perfect for traveling and for scrapbooking! I just love this camera.
just as expected
My daughter loved it!!!!
I love it.
SUPER CUTE ! LOVE IT! TOTALLY RECOMMEND AS A GIFT OR A PERSONAL CAMERA ðŸ’ž DELIVERY WAS SUPER QUICK, SUPER EXCITED the color is beautiful as well
Awesome camera.  Wish it was a little bit smaller and wish the viewfinder was I little bigger and easier to see.  But overall it works great and takes great pictures
I gave it as a gift and she loved it.
This camera is AMAZING! I just got it, and I'm in love with it! Takes great pictures!!
Bought this for my 13 year old granddaughter -- she was THRILLED!!
It's awesome....my daughter loves it!!!
Sometimes, the camera acts up but it's so simple and easy to use!
love this little instant camera. its so cute and works as well as the large size just in mini size.
it works
Excellet produtc, working perfectly and is the cutest thing ever! Complete and easy, arriving before I expected (in half of the time) is perfect in every way~
Takes nice picturess
I had a little hard time to figure it out, but it was good and instructions were clear.
So cute!! Love it!!!
great product A++++
I bought this camera for my teenage daughter for her birthday, she didn't think she would use it due to her frequent "selfie" photography habits but I was gladly mistaken when she quickly re-ordered more film from Amazon the next day, film with some special effects and a regular batch.  I'm glad I introduced her to this retro hobby and she has some photos to display of her friends and animals, not just her "selfies"
I love love love.
I love this camera.  The pictures come out crisp and vibrant (more than I expected) we cant wait to use this at our wedding!!  Works great.  Packaging was damaged as described but none to the camera inside
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00AWKJPOA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0camera doestnt worck, camera damaged,please help contact to seller!!!! all pitures black
I bought this on a whim. Me and my boyfriend have been together for 9 years and living together for 3. One night I woke up and realized that we did not have any pictures of us or the dogs!!! [we never take picture with our phone since we both have the bad luck of getting our phone stolen or lost and digital cameras are so expencive to have pictures printed out.This camera is small and awkward and you can't turn off the flash or else the picture comes out distorted. If you wear glasses it's going to be a bit of a pain. I keep clacking my glasses against the eye hole when I try to take a picture but it works! The pictures come out decent, like those old time photos. Would recommend if your just looking for a few wallet size pictures to keep around.Or some cute dirty pictures you can have around without the fear of someone finding them while looking at your phone!
Great.
Better price
Very good my dtr loved it
Happy with the performance for what it is.  But plastic melts easy. Cord melted into the camera and it was not even in the hot sun. We are not sure what even happened. Was very odd.  Battery case was fine.
Love this camera
Nice quality camera, pictures are perfect. low price!
Bought this for my daughter's 10th birthday on a whim and she absolutely loves it and the idea of the instant photos.  I decided on the Fuji over Polaroid based on the cost of the film.  The accessories available are very fun too!
I bought this for my daughter's 15th birthday and it made her sooooo happy!  It takes great pictures (but be warned, they are MUCH smaller than the old polaroids we used to have).  She has so much fun with the accessory pack I also purchased with it (Mudder 11 in 1 Camera Accessory Bundles Set).  My friends and I (we are in our mid-40's) also had fun during a reunion.  I highly recommend this for any teenager for sure!!!
So the package came on time and it was nicely packaged and great condition! I'm usually uneasy with online purchases but this was worth it. I got the raspberry color one and it looks exactly like the first image. The color is like that image. Also, I can't stop looking at the camera! It's so nice and smooth and almost too perfect to use. I'll recommend this if you want one of these cameras!
Love this color,and the camera is really fun, my class loved it
Pretty color camera and it takes good quality pictures!! Used this at our wedding and it was a big hit!
It's super cute, and the pictures are fun to take! The one drawback is that the pictures all have a misty filter. The filter can cause some features of someone's face not to show up in certain lighting, which happened to me. When taking a picture, don't face the sun or away from it. Try to take your picture from a well-shaded area. Film is kind of expensive, too. $1 per picture.Fun: 5/5Function: 4/5Price: 4/5
Good
LOVE this camera. wanted to do a Photo Booth for an event, but couldn't afford the nearly $600 to rent one for just 2 hours. So I purchased this and had guests put their photos into a guestbook. It was a huge hit and so much fun!
cool and fun
The camera worked fine. The lights on the lense did not work.
Got four of these for my bridesmaids and they loved them!
Used for a wedding photo guest book. Unique and fun way to honor bride & groom
Bought this for our 12-year old daughter, and it's a really neat camera. She's in love.The instructions to set it up and start operating are easy to read and follow, which we appreciated, so she could do it on her own.Also, it came WITH BATTERIES. Unheard of, and completely awesome. Thank you for making this really easy to get going with -- what all kids want with their new presents :)
The coolest little thing I've ever owned, absolutely love this camera!
The cutest little thing ever. Lightweight and fun to use. I have had it for almost a year, got my friend one as a present as well. Both have been working great. Just wish film was cheaper to buy as you go through them so fast. Great for travel journals.
fine
Chic and cute
I really love it , pictures are very clear !
My daughter received the camera as a Christmas present. She loved the idea of an instant film camera and she loved it. Fast forward to this summer, where the instant pictures rarely turn out. .
The color was not as shown....the little girl who picked it out was so unhappy as it came more in the order of Salmon color
Great as a beginner camera to get you into instant photography! However I've only had it 3 1/2 months and I already feel like I need to upgrade.
I have looked everywhere for this camera. Went to NY but was a lot more also Michael's is pretty pricy and so is the film. Can't go wrong with Amazon prices!
This is a classic polaroid camera. So many times my pictures hide on a memory disc and I forget to print them. There are light settings in front which are pretty self explanatory. I took this to the beach a few times and even in that brightness the pictures turned out great. You can get 4 people in a selfie easily: just have the person with the longest arms at the end holding the camera. Have someone else peer through the view finder and adjust then squeeze back in the picture!
Lovely addition to my photographic gear. Everyone loves the pictures and the size is perfect to carry them in your wallet. It is somewhat hard to take pictures when there is to much light, but other than that, it is a great camera.
this was great ! it came right when it was supposed to come.
I love this camera! It works perfectly and it's so adorable!
Great camera.The only sucky part is that the flash goes off even when it's not necessary.Still trying to figure out how not to let that happen...
Cool little camera for young photographers. Easy to operate and fun!
Bought this as a gift for my 24 year old daughter.  She says it works perfectly, and she loves the small format print size.  The only drawback is that the film is a little pricey.  Also, there is no digital copy of the photo made.  Once the picture is taken, you only have the instant photo.  But my daughter really likes it.
Love this little camera, I can't wait to use it for my wedding guest book!
I brought this camera for my little sister who is 9 and she loves it â¤ï¸
It is great but the film is very expensive
good
Don't expect the quality to compete with smart phones but used properly, this thing is actually wonderful. My old polaroid has very expensive film so this "new" fujifilm works well for me. The price is right, the memories are capture, it's in my favorite color, and I love learning the varying exposures to this type of photography. Excellent product.
This camera is worth buying. It is amazing that you can capture a moment and  immediately have it there to look at.
My teenage daughter loves taking pictures on this digital camera. Fun and retro.
Daughter loves it!  Film is expensive so she doesn't get to play with it as much as she would like.
I bought this is a gift, so I didn't really used it myself. But I took picture with one before. It is a nice camera for an instant photo. It is really fun also.
Love it!
Camera is tons of fun for teen, preteen girls (maybe boys too, I don't know!)
Love it
Super fun and easy to use, the film is a bit pricey but the pictures come out super cute!
I loved it I loved it I loved it !!!
Good
I LOVE IT!!! I love the black color but keep it out of the sun because it will get really hot, and make sure you put your finger over the flash if your taking a picture of something white or it will all be white, and to get the best results put in a dark place
In love with this would but again
the delivery was on time  , and nice product for sharing memories
Love it :)
This camera is a lot of fun! Super easy to use & great quality photos.
Exactly what I  wanted! Super cute little Polaroid camera, not high quality pictures, but adorable and a good deal for the price.
Love this!!!!!
Works great!
This little camera is just the most fun thing! It's a blast to use, but even more exciting is the quality of resulting images. The colors are deep and rich, lending the photos that much more authenticity. This is so much better than Instagram.
works good
My daughter loves this camera! Perfect for young teenager girls!
My son loves it, gives him a chance to express his funny side!!!
Love the camera, feels cheap but actually takes nice photos if your close range
awesome! love it :) came right on time
It was defective so I got a refund.
Adore my new camera! Much nostalgia! Love having actual pictures in my hands again!
Cool camera, quick output. Too bad the viewfinder is so small.
Awesome product
Super cute, lightweight, and so far takes great (at least as great as I expected) photos.  Easy to load film, nice indicator for which light setting to use.  Plan on taking this to Burning Man to "gift" photos, and will likely use for fun party giveaways over the holidays.  Would be great for kids, birthday parties, or if you wanted to spring, on each table at a wedding reception.  Saw someone said they used this with their guest book...would be very cute.
great
Amazing camera! Just as described!! I love love it! Cute and so much fun!! I'm very pleased with this product!!
SO much fun to use!!
This is a coolest little camera like the old Polaroids! All the directions were in Non-English but pictures were well enough. My 10 year old got this for her birthday and loves it! The pictures turn out pretty good too!
A very very good camera, worth ever penny!!!
Very Fun
My six year old daughter wanted a camera for her birthday and saw this one and it was perfect although film is rather expensive it was worth the price and she loves it.
PERFECT Camera!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS CAMERA! The color is beautiful, the camera is easy to work and even includes different light settings. You turn it on just by pressing the button on the side of the lens and turn it off by pushing in the lens. The camera feels extremely durable and my pictures come out so cool!
I'm in love with my new camera. I now need to get a carrying case for it. I was hesitant because I've never used one before. It was the best! The price is absolutely amazing. It's way expensive if bought in stores. Get it here now!
I bought this as a bday gift for my daughter. We took 2 pictures with it. She then put it away for a couple weeks. When she brought it out to use again it was completely dead. We put in fresh batteries and still nothing. Now we have to ship it to fugifilm if we want it fixed.
Love it. Really clear pictures and great price for how much you can use it
Cute and very novel. The pic quality is less than the "polaroids" of old. They are about 3 inches tall but if you are looking for something that is a fun little gift, this would do it.
I loveee'
Everything was perfect!
So in love with it already! â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸ Just wish the eye hole was a litttttle bit bigger but oh well I still love it :)
I bought this as a baby shower prize. But it was given at the end so I used it with the film to give every guest a chance at taking home a picture. It was a hit. Mini, maybe a little small but people vied for the prize at the end. It got its use, a winner was happy and guests had a take home momento. It was much cheaper than a picture booth!
A hit at every party! So much fun, and now my fridge is covered with great party photo's. Its light and small enough to take out as well.
Daughter loves it!
I love my new camera! It's so fun and the pics come out looking very vintage! Great for using in art journals and collages!
bought it for instant pictures and so far it has not disappointed me. learn how to take pictures in different lighting first. there are lots of Youtube videos on how to take best pictures. Buy the films in bundle from Amazon and you will save big on films.Happy shooting
I had to get a new one because my first one shot out film whenever I turned it on, but I love it and they take great pics.
perfect !
Amazing cheap polaroid
Love it
Its awesome
It was a gift to my daughter. She loves it
Gahhh, this camera is so cute and small! I was given many compliments the first day it came (which was early today). The camera came a day before the estimated time arrival, so I'm so glad. I had bought a bundle which included the camera, a film pack (20 films), and a clear plastic case with an adjustable colorful strap. Film can be quite expensive; ranging from 11.59 to 12.48 just for a pack of 20 (also called the twin pack). You should be wise about taking a picture unless you have ALOT of film. I just purchased 2 more boxes of film which are coming in the first week of August.Pros:-Very cute-Small (the smaller, the better it is to carry around!)-Can be used with lots of accessories; stickers, carriers, etc..)-Quite simple to use!Cons:-If you're not familiar with these types of cameras, you would probably need to go online and find directions/tips because the instructions that came with the camera weren't that clear-A little fragile, so you have to be extra careful when using itSo far, the camera was so worth the price! I hope you enjoy your new FujiFilm INSTAX mini camera! :)
Fast delivery and just what we wanted.
So happy I bought these cameras for my daughters their 5 & 6yrs old and its super easy for them to use! I love the picture quality and the size is perfect for a our little memories we share.  You have buy film separate but u can get good deal on AmaZon 40 pics for $26! So it's great deal for us . Everything works great , if I were you buy this camera you won't regret it !!!:-)
Fun gift for teens.
Great camera!  Takes great pictures . My daughter loves it .
Just what my granddaughter wanted!
My kids love it.
It works sometimes and then sometimes it doesn't want to work.
Okay, but doesn't take good pictures at night.
Love it!!  Worked great!!  Wonderful memories!!
I've been eyeing this camera for the past year on another site (a popular clothing store) and when I found it on Amazon, I decided to buy it. The camera arrived within two days and it was exactly what I was expecting. Everything was in the box and in perfect condition. Beyond being happy with the shipping and the overall condition of the item, I just love it. The white Fujifilm Instax Camera is cool, adorable, and reminds me of the cameras we had as kids in the 80s. I haven't used a non-digital camera or smartphone camera (iPhone) in years, so it's fun to have a camera that (1) isn't digital and (2) prints out real, tangible photos instantly, which can then be displayed, placed inside an album, or shared. Added bonus is the white space where one can write info about the photo like who, what, when, and where, just like we used to on Polaroids or on the backs of photos. It's a great way to make memories and I love the style of these mini photos. I know these cameras are popular among young people, but I think they have a timeless quality that anyone can appreciate.
Works perfectly and came on time ! Thank you !
Really happy with the previous version of this camera but the settings of this newer version seem to set themselves and cannot adjust the flash manually. I have taken photos outside which turn out distorted because I cannot turn off the flash.
I love the little camera, just what I expected but 1st day I got it the lens cover popped off. I put back on but is not fitting securely.
Great camera. Easy to use. Daughter loves it.
loved it!
