Gave it to my sister in law and she loves it. Great for scrapbooking and selfies I guess.
pictures small
Excellent pictures!
Great camera for party photobooth, also a great learning camera for hobby photographers.The quality is so different from spoiled digital photographs, and we have to be more selective of what we shoot, but it has a nice authenticity and vintage feel to all the pictures. Loving it so far.
Fast delivery, low price. Great camera.
Daughter loves it, but film is a little pricey.
BUY THIS ON AMAZON. THEY ARE THE CHEAPEST HERE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING THIS ANYWHERE ELSE.Perfect gift for anyone for christmas. I love it.
this is just perfect, great quality picture!
Price was standard and I was really disappointed that it did not have ANY film with it! Good thing that I ordered backup!
Gift for 8 year old grand-daughter, she loves it..  But film expensive so she is selective on pic she takes.
Item arrived quickly and as expected
Happy with the camera.
I love it  but this is a  gift
Its like a toy not a real camera.  Picture quality is so bad you can barely identify objects.  I purchased this believing it was like the old poloroid cameras and its nothing like it.  Its like a toy camera.  Very unhappy
Bought as gift for my ten yr old grand daughter.  She loves it. Her mom put film in for her and she was snapping pics like crazy.  Perfect tween gift.
Bought this for my daughter for her birthday....She loves it!
Love it!
I bring this when I visit friends, when I go to conventions, and to holiday parties, and everyone gets the hugest kick out of it. It's fantastic for creating instant mementos and everyone has a lot of fun taking photos.
Fad or trend my daughter was insistent about this as a Christmas present.
My daughter loves it, she finally found a hobby.
Very good quality pictures, very durable
this is a gift and my granddaughter will love it
Absolutely love this camera. Love the color and the cute caramel bag I got to protect it. I love the way the pictures turn out. Just have to make sure that the setting is switched for the lighting. I love having a physical print instantly.
This camera is so much fun! The film for it only comes with 10 photos per film pack I would by a couple off amazon they are way cheaper on here then walmart, or target! Such a fun gift for a tween she really is having so much fun taking pictures and having them right away
Perfect for parties and/or gifts!!!! Love it!
I LOVE this camera so much. I bring it to all my parties and people love it. The camera and case are a great buy, the film is where it can be a little expensive. Buy in bulk if you can. The pictures turn out great, but note that you won't get a picture like you would on your phone, as all the settings add a sort of "vintage" look to the pictures. You need to figure out the right setting as well, which might take you a couple photos to get. The only other thing is that sometimes the camera will turn on while it's in the case and might run down the batteries but I haven't had to replace them yet. Overall, LOVE this camera and it's a lot of fun.
Great product and fast shipping
Very easy to use. Great photos
greatÂ¡Â¡Â¡ the camera is fancy
This camera is loads of fun.
Came brand new and in perfect condition. It worked right away, and I absolutely loved it.
Good price
Fun,  This camera is Fun, Fun, a blast at parties to take quick little shots of friends  moments in time! Plus young kids think this camera  is really  something! Awesome gift!
My instruction manual is in Chinese ! I Don't know how to use my CAMERA! It looks just like the photo
Great gift idea.
it was a gift for my granddaughter and she loves it.
the box that holds the camera came completely opened. i can't even give this as a gift which is what i was planing on doing. I hope this camera works .
works as described
I got this for my daughter, and she loves it. The camera does a surprisingly good job. I bought some extra film so I can give it a try!
I really love my fuji camera.  I even got one for some friends as a gift.  I take it for camping trips in my 1970 VW bus to take pictures of people I meet along the way to remember them by.  I also take pictures of people I meet and give them the print.  It is a fun way to spread happiness.  My only wish would be that the film were more economical.  $1 per picture is pretty pricey.  I would use my camera more if the film wasn't so expensive.
This deal was amazing! Everything got to me in perfect conditions and i loved it, easy to set up with the film
It was exactly what I ordered! The camera itself works smoothly and is true to the color in the picture. 10/10
works great and a fun color
Great quality , came within a good time frame
It's so mice and comfortable to take pictures with. Super easy to use and a wonderful camera to display.
Great
Nice camera
I love this camera, the pictures are super adorable. It's easy to use, easy to load, and pretty durable.
So "cheap-y" like. Doesn't look like it's made to last. Very cheaply made. For what it does, it'd stick to your camera phone and just get a poloraid printer.
loved it, my wife is in love with this camera,
This was a gift for our 9 year old grand-daughter; she has had a lot of fun with it.
Got this little camera as a gift for my girlfriend and she used it all summer capturing cool pictures of her various adventures hiking or going to the beach.
Very cute
excellent
We can no longer use this, it's broken.  Do you offer repair?
My daughter is dying for this camera.  The product came in good condition and arrived on time.  I can't wait for her to open this gift, she's going to be so excited.
Bruh this s@$& is smashed
Looks red :(
Such a cute find for a cheap price! I've owned a couple of old polaroid cameras, and this has been the easiest to use. Very portable and fun!
Absolutely loved it! I used it for my wedding it was a hit everyone wanted to take a Polaroid picture
BEAUTIFUL!
cool..
Great quality. Better than pictures. Looks shophisticated
Nice to get printed pictures quick, love it!
Nice camera, easy to use!
Great
Used this for a Wedding guests book & sign in. It was Fun! Taped pictures in guest book.
This is a fun camera, the film is a little spendy but compared to other sites I used amazon had the best deal
good
I loveddddddd it!! I would so buy another one with a different color.
Shold have came with film
Pretty neat camera, very nice-looking pictures!
Great experience
It works no problem. It is what the description say it is. Its an awsome little camera and if you're not convinced search up video reviews on youtube, you won't regret.
Fun yellow color, works as explained in the description. Very easy to figure out. Note: The lighting has to be just right, or the photos will be very over exposed. Be sure to listen to the camera's "advice" on which lighting setting to choose. Otherwise, great product, fair price, and very entertaining for family gatherings -- for young and old alike!
Easy to use and fun picture taking!
Love it! Works great and arrived quickly. Be sure to use the right settings or else the photos can turn out too dark or too light.
My 9 year old daughter loves it.
It looks more pink in the picture, got it last night and its RED. and ugly red at that. Although my daughter wont care. I DO
It came damage. when you took a picture there was white dots all over tried replacing film and batteries but still didn't work.
A great gift for anyone!
great camera!
My girlfriend loves it
Absolutely looveee using my camera ! It takes great shots . I googled some about it and if you switch the settings sometimes you can get a better picture
awesome!
These cameras are SO much fun. Always a crowd pleaser and a great way to capture memories.
My daughter loved it ;)
Love to use to capture fun moments
Perfeita! amei!
excellent !
I love this camera. I received it as a birthday present. I don't use it as much as I would like but it takes great photos. Definitely pay close attention to the light settings on the front. Some pictures came out to bright due to being on the wrong setting.
I bought this Polaroid camera for my daughter for her bday ! She loved it . Works great. Easy to use & good quality pictures ,My daughter loved how big it was she could take it places & it wasn't too big.
Bought it a few months back, the settings have stopped working and you can no longer change modes.
Perfect
Really Nice shipping was fast! I'm not sure why they call it a mini because it is huge! Nice pastel blue as shown got the package deal with case and film twin pack! Christmas gift for my daughter she is going to love it!
Beautiful and works like a charm. Perfect condition!!
Camera works great! the pictures come out clear and take less than a minute to develop. My sister loves the color
I bought this for a makeshift photo booth at "Parents' Night Out" at our church.  We had kids from 1 to 12 years dress up and enjoy taking home a photo.  The camera was a blast for everyone & very easy to use!!  I would definitely buy this again & have told others how much we liked it!  The photo quality is as expected for instant film- just okay quality, but you are so excited about the photo & watching it develop it is lots of fun.  I did like having a flash on this camera for our indoor setting.I liked this enough that I want to buy this for my 10-year old niece now!
Love it, pictures are crisp and clear
Wow! This camera is awesome and so much fun! Easy to setup and use! Bought for my daughter's 13th birthday and she loves it!
I bought this as a Christmas Gift.  I'm sure she will love it.
Granddaughter loved it, she is age 11
the camera didn't work. i tried taking a photo but it wouldn't print correctly
Everithing perfect!
Thank you
I love this so much! It's easy to use and it works amazingly! I couldn't have asked for a better Polaroid myself! It's perfect for a teenager!
Brought as a gift this product arrived on time and was exactly as described
Great for kids and super cute. Decently priced as well
My niece love it. It a kid toy to be honest. Don't think you are getting a pro pic with this because it won't happen.
I just adore this camera. It is so cute and takes great little polaroids! Everyone loves the photos. The camera itself feels a little cheap and not very sturdy but it does what it is supposed to do at a great price point.
Got it for my mom last year for xmas & she loved it!!
Very cheaply made . This wont last long
Love it, gift
got this as a gift for my sister for her birthday. she loves it. arrived quickly and works perfectly.
Awesome camera!
Daughter loves it.
So far so good! The pictures came out fantastic!
I LOVE IT. Its really worth the price. My pictures come out great. I also love that there's no charging just batteries needed. Which come included !
Purchased this as a gift for my niece...she loves it!  Seems to be easy for young people to use, and they love seeing the results right away.
Purchased two for our engagement party. The price is great, but the button placement is completely opposite of other cameras. Had to design a How-To-Use sheet for the party as it's not user friendly.
Perfect for my teenage daughter.
Cute and vinatage, the Quality of the photos is beautiful! I take it out themeparks and everybody just looks at the cute little camera.
Perfect!
This camera is simple, cheap and fun. The lens is all plastic and you can't turn the flash off. Not manual controls at all.Each photo is like a hail mary, But there is not cheaper way to enter instant photography. It's a very fun experience and you don't need to carry around $600 cameras.
AMAZING !!!! VERRY FAST DELIVERY.the pakage is verry clouse .and the camera inside is protective.thank you .my daughter so verry happy this christmas.thanks.
This is awesome! I have so many cameras its crazy but this is fun for parties and easy for quick snap shots!
awesome
Would Highly Recommend!  Make sure you buy the extra film!
Purchased as a gift for my sister, she loves it so much. She had a blast taking pictures with her friends and creating a wall collage. Perfect Christmas / birthday gift. Instructions are very simple and camera is very easy to use. The only downside is the cost of film, however I think its definitely worth it, you can purchase film on amazon for a great price.
This camera is a great, relatively inexpensive way to get printed photos back in your life! Great for sticking them on the fridge or on your desk. Just remember these photos aren't the size of old poleroids. They are pretty tiny, but great, high-quality keepsakes.
I LOVE THIS CAMERA.
So happy with this camera I've been wanting it for a while and finally got it! Such a great price and product also shipped quick. Here's a tip though if it's really bright outside cover the flash. If not the picture comes out dark.
My daughter loves it!
Loved it
Purchased for my niece and she loves it..it's cute and small and easy to use..
Love it!
I bought this for my daughter as she wanted to go retro style in taking pictures.  But the photos are very small.  Not like a Polaroid from the 70s.  The camera is large and the photos are small.  It should be the opposite.  The camera does work if you put the film in correctly by reading the instructions.
The camera should measure the light automatically, but you have to select that in every photoâ€¦ very stupid system.
Very nice camera, worked very well. Take vey nice pictures
Thx: as described, fast shipping, good paking
Good price, strong, and it does what my kid expected from it.
I love to hear my child say #FREEZE
super fun camera
Bought this for my 5 year old for our summer travels and he loved it. Felt like such a big boy with his own camera and it was cool to see him begin to develop an eye for framing a shot and just capturing images of the things that interested him. Fun to be able to take multiple photos with new friends and leave a photo in their hand when we said goodbye.
Super quick delivery,  excellent condition...Same color as shown in pictures....Thanks
Purchased this for my wife as a gift. My only complaint is that the raspberry color is more of an orange. It looks like a dark pink or a coral color in the picture but is definitely not one of these colors in person.
ITS PURPLE LIKE THE PICTURE.  ITS A XMAS GIFT SO HAVEN'T USED IT YET.
Bought as gift,  looks great
Since technology has taken over I'm sure anyone can agree for the most part we take pictures on our phones or otherwise. For me anyways, that was the case. All my sons pictures are in a computer on a hard drive etc. I am busy and never get to ordering prints or printing myself so I resort to looking back at my memories via phone. I honestly regret not buying one of these sooner. Any camera really. These are so easy to use. Reasonably priced. Easy to use. And I'm so excited to start filling scrap books of these. Instant photo prints. I'm so happy with my purchase and I'd truly would recommend this to anyone. Aside from my joy of it my son will thankfully know these types of pictures are possible he was amazed I couldn't just "delete" the bad pic haha treat yourself or a friend. A parent must have.
Bought this as a set with the case for my younger sister. She absolutely loves it, says it's the cutest thing. An excellent buy.
I never go my things this is the first time this happen to me I need my things are my money back
nice
great camera prefect birthday gift
She loves it.
Very happy. Christmas  gift. Came fast
I love my camera!!!!!
Nothing but absolute fun and gives ya a great sense of not constantly being on the phone. Polaroids are actually more fun.
Great price
My daughter loved it very much!
I love it! Perfect for anyone who has an interest in photography
It's a cute gadget but I was a bit disappointed in the size and quality of the photos.  Not the 'old' polaroids of yesteryear.
Daughter loved it
Fun little camera for get togethers with friends. The picture quality isn't that great. (Faces look washed out) but I'm satisfied for the price.
It came just as expected.
this was a perfect gift for my sister she loves it !
This camera is just awesome! I love it so much and the price it totally worth it. The whole style of the camera is amazing and simple. I love the vibrant colors and the sizes of the photos are perfect. Just beware everyone will want a picture so use your film wisely! Some things I wish it had was maybe a little compartment for the film (not sure how that would be designed or possible) and something to let you know how much battery it had left. I mean I could guess and just change them every so often, but that seems like a waste to me. It's also important how far you are away from taking the pictures because sometimes they come out really really dark if your far away. But it does tell you in the directions to stay close. I'm also a little confused on the photo settings and if they actually work, but I'm not a big camera person so I'm sure it's doing something I'm just not noticing a difference between settings. I would definitely recommend this camera! It also got to me very quickly which was awesome! I take this thing everywhere I go now :)
My Granddaughter loves it!
Really cool camera!  The white looks really nice.
Easy and fast printing! If ur lazy just like me on going to store jist to print preciouse pictures, buy this one
A++!
It is not seller's fault. It is Fujifilm's fault.Mini 8 is not good.
Awesome item
My daughter wanted this after a frien had one! Lots of fun she loves it
Fun little "Polaroid-style" camera
Great fun kid gift over age of 9 but very expensive for film
as expected
Love it
Great product
My dream item.
Perfect condition! love the blue color and its so easy to use. the directions in the box are a little weird and it took me a sec to figure out how to put incthe film, but it is so great!!
Absolutely love this little camera! It's easy to use and it takes decent pictures. Using it in a classroom for student celebrations and immediate printed pictures has added an "wow" factor.
Such a cute color and takes clear and cute photos!! Also, there are so many cute accesorries and cases for the mini 8! I got a cute case that i can also use to hold my wallet, phone, photos I have taken, and extra film.Case - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00MGHSJ44/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1My friends and i buy the film in bulk for such good prices!60 sheets - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00O4OR4GQ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1100 sheets - https://www.amazon.com/Fujifilm-Instax-Instant-Sheets-Pack/dp/B00G6C7XUG/ref=sr_1_7?s=photo&ie=UTF8&qid=1480874704&sr=1-7&keywords=fujifilm+instax+mini+8+film
My 9 year old son loves this.  And for the price I'm not worried if he's rough with it.  I got a protector case for it and strap.
For paranormal investigating you cant mess with a polariod
Divine
Used this camera for the selfie blows at my baby shower. Everyone loved it! The pictures are instant so the quality isn't as good as your phone of course, but an amazing upgrade from the throwback picture with the same nostalgic feel
Works great and I love the color
Got this as a present for my sister! Very cute and wonderful! I'm thinking of buying one for myself. Works great, instructions are a little confusing so just proceed slowly and cautiously when setting up for the first time. Is about the size of two fists, if not smaller.
Cannot turn on wifi,battery life is just an hour when fully charged,I can't send it back because I am going hone this week and I am working in ship ( pls check my shipping address),I ordered for my kid now I am going home with nothing,I trusted your product and I loss my money,and now I don't have time to order andi before my vacatio
I just realized this model is lower than a mini 25 which I owed so I returned it. If you have a mini 25 and wanna get a upgrade, don't buy this one. This should be the entry level. It has less function than mini 25.
My polaroid is amazing with great fast shipping and perfect instructions. Thanks!
Perfect
So much fun.....bought this for a birthday present for a male friend and it was the hit of the party.  Be sure to get lots of film!!
Worth every penny. The quality of the photos was great. And it's been a hit at every holiday party I've thrown so far.
Fast shipping works great.
Bought it as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it. She constantly uses it to many holiday events, parties, and outings. I recommend buying one and recommend not opening the back if you know there is film because film estimates to a dollar each.
I brought this couple year ago, and this is still in great condition. I love to use it to capture the memories.
Kid loves it
Perfect
good
Great product! the photos have a great definition!
Unfortunately this camera did not work, had to send it back.
wonderful for capturing the candid moments in life
Beautiful
Lots of fun! We bought this and then a package of extra film and scrapbook as well as a case and a bunch of fun until you run out of film!
My daughter has had this camera for a day and already loves it! Hoping it's durable and can last her awhile. So far so good! I guess we will see in the future if it lives up to our expectations.
A gift for my daughter.  She loves it
Amazing camera!
Hello I just received my camera and film in the mail on Monday.. I took one photo that came out normal then the rest looked like this.. I was wondering if it is something with the camera, film or something I could have done! if anyone knows please let me know !!
So adorable. This really is a must have for everyone that likes cute things. I've seen so many people of different ages enjoy this! I can't get over the amazing color and it looks and feels like a toy which is not that bad because it works great but without the too delicate part. I recommend this to literally everyone.
It's so cute ! i was so happy ! the pictures came out lovely ! so glad i bought this!
Used for wedding guest book
My daughter loves this! Pretty easy to use, but make sure the correct settings are on before a picture is snapped so u don't waste a film. Film can be expensive. Love this tho!
Bought this for my wedding for my guest book, it worked perfectly! Everyone loved it and it was something different. Exactly as pictured and would 10/10 buy again.
Great gift for all ages.
Great camera, but "raspberry"  is not an accurate color discription. It's red.
Love these camera's! I have bought several as gifts for my kids and nieces and nephews. They are very easy to use and the pics are really cute. They have a vintage look that I love, reminds me of polaroids from when I was growing up. The only down side is that the film is expensive. Only 10 pictures per pack and unless you find it on sale can get really expensive, especially if your kids takes pics of every random person and thing. I have found the 2 packs on Amazon at a reasonable price, much cheaper than buying it at the store but I still need to remind the kids to ration their film. The camera works great, kid friendly and so far durable. It makes a great gift and the kids love them.
My daughter loves this and it's definitely a throw back to when I was little. Works great and came fast!
Getting used to the camera.It's cute.Small pictures, but, it's light weight andit's cute.
I used this to take pictures for my sisters bridal shower and it was a fun keep sake for people to take the pictures home afterwards.
I love it
Sold as bundle. Did not receive bundle. Received the camera without extra film package.
This camera is amazing! It was a huge hit at our reception and is very sturdy. It survived an excited young guest dropping it at a full run on the dance floor and still works perfectly!
Super like the camera and i order film they all work good together
Got it as a birthday gift for my sister she loves it!
This is a great, cheap camera.  I wish I could take more than 10 photos at a time, but it's not a deal breaker.  It's easy to use, easy to change out film, and the photos come out pretty nice!
Very nice
Why my granddaughter wanted this i will never know.  Pictures are very small and poor quality.
great for  partys and photo booth  party  film is a little pricey but good and unquie compare to the normal smart phone photoits more memorable with these photos then just another picture on your phonewife very happy with this  gift
Great
cute.
purchased as a gift and couldn't be happier! Arrived quickly and with all expected accessories.
I'm giving this product a two stars not because it's a bad camera but because of the condition it came in. It was dirty and when I tried cleaning the black smudges on the camera with rubbing alcohol they didn't come off.
Very satisfied with the packaging. Camera works well. Thank you!
Super excited to give this to my daughter. I know she is going to love it. I watched several videos of people that owned one and let me tell you it looked like they were having a blast sharing memories immediately with friends and family. thumbs up
It is a super fun camera...I got it as a gift for my 12 year old. Can't wait for her to open it. I love the color!
Awesome product my niece loves it she visit me for 1 week from PR she loved the price it came next day spent her vacation taking wonderful pictures she is very satisfied also surprised it came next day. Recommend either for self or gift. Don't forget the assesories like the carrying case and extra film.
This is a great camera! I purchased it for my 10 year old. We live in a world of instant gratification, and the camera fulfills that need! Instantly she has pictures. She received it for her birthday, at her party she took pictures with each of her friends, she gave one picture to the friend and kept one for herself. This was a cute way to send something home with her friends, but she also has the printed memory as well.It's very easy to use. Changing the film cartridge is also very easy, even my 10 year old can do it with no trouble.The pictures are good quality. They have a slightly muted color, but that gives it the vintage feel, which I think is the purpose.
I am absolutely in LOVE with this product! So very cute.
thank you
Excelente
works perfectly, bought this for my sister and she absolutely adores everything about it and has been wanting one forever!!
I love my pink Instax Mini!  And I'm not even a pink kinda girl!  So easy to use, and a lot of fun!  I've gifted a black one, a purple one (the grape color is fantastic!), and a blue one.
Camera has a nice matte feel to it! Very small and cute, easy to use. I love it!! <333
I thought I would love this but it stopped working after only one picture was taken. I feel ripped off and upset because now I will not have the camera I wanted in time for the holidays. I don't know why it stopped working, but the film will no longer come out of the camera and the only one that did did not develop. I also feel like I wasted my money on that film as I bought the camera and film as a package deal.
Great camera! Was a huge hit at our wedding. Quality of the polaroids was good
Very easy to use. My 11 yr old daughter absolutely loved it.
This was a birthday present and our grandson loved it....works great, took a lot of pic.
Is a gift for my 7year old, but the size and ease of use seem perfect. I'm certain she's going to love this.
14 year old girls loved it as holiday gifts
On time and good quality
This is awesome!! It actually came on the fourth day of the delivery instead of the 5-8 days in between. I really like it and my little sister will love it.
QUICK
Great camera! took me a while to figure out what setting to use to get the best lighting, but worth every penny.
Perfect
Came with no film.
nice pics for the value one day ill move up to polaroid.....but this totally works for now!!
Great camera loved it
There's something about having a physical copy of a picture that makes it 10 times better. These cameras are great for capturing special moments and getting a physical proof of that. Love them!
As expected
I'm so in love with this camera, i'd been wanting one for so long and I definitely don't regret this purchase! I've seen it at Urban Outfitters for $70-80 WITHOUT film, and I purchased here for $66 WITH 20 film + FREE same day shipping. Huge steal.
LOVE this camera!!!
So much fun. Fun fact: Amazon basics batteries do not work with this camera. Had to buy disposable ones. Also, the package I got didn't come with instructions or anything in the box except the camera and string. Be prepared to google instructions
love it
Best price, fast service
I bought this as a  gift for my girlfriend. She loves it. The picture come out very nice. Its just like he old school Polaroids but the pictures are half the size.
Love this camera and the color is so pretty. Takes excellent poloroid pictures!
Great item!
Cute little camera. The pictures are so cute in it's small frame. Love the vintage look & it's stylish. Small, therefore meaning portable and it doesnt bug to carry around.
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and I'm sure she will love it.  I am curious as to why pink cost more than other colors, seems weird.Happy with delivery and the order.
I got this as a gift, I absolutely love it!!!! Definitely recommend for those small photos to decorate or keep for memories. One of my favorite gifts
Cool product.  Sometimes in bright sun, its hit or miss.  But all in all, the camera is alot of fun
Used this for my wedding guestbook... love how it all turned out...
Great quality and beautiful colod
I purchased one of these as a gift for my sister and had to get another for myself! Please be warned, this is a poloroid camera. It's very straight forward and you have to expect nothing more than face value. Don't expect or compare the picture quality to anything near new technology. But if you're looking for the poloroid style this won't dissapoint ! I purchased the pink one for myself and the colour is as pictured. It comes with batteries and is a easy to use and works quickly to produce a picture.
Just right
Great Product! Fast delivery! I'm very happy with this purchase!
my daughter loved it!
Great gift for my 12 year old niece!
It's a lot bigger than I thought. You have to take pictures up pretty close since they are so small. But, it is easy to use and comes out with some cute pictures!
Great for close up pics and attempted selfies. Need to test the flash options first before comitting to scenery.
Very fast shipping good price
So fun for my 9 year old and her friends. The film is a little pricey but it's great for parties and other occasions.
Bought it for my daughter. takes decent pictures. Sometimes the pictures come out a little too bright.
We were disappointed with the quality of the pictures.
Super fun to have.
Lovely colour and pretty light. Easy to use and no complicated instructions. It came with AA batteries too.
Amazing. Got this one for my sister and she couldn't be happier. Mine's Fujifilm instax 210 and obviously is a great experience to.
I was working great the stoped so I added new battery's and it wasn't the batter problem at all and I even bought a protection plan and they won't do anything about it
Great deal for this product- bought it as a gift for my friend and she loves it. Couldn't find it this cheaply priced anywhere else.
Great product good price
I love the camera, it's really cute and it takes really beautiful vintage pictures. My complaint is that it's hard to know what setting to put it on so it can take a nice picture. two of them were too bright, one was too dark. If any one can just help me understand the settings that would be great..it just really bums me out that I have to waste film because it won't take a good picture at times.
I REALLY love this camera it's just truly amazing and a very good price too.
I had purchased this item as an early Christmas gift for my girlfriend. She really enjoys it and has already gone through 2 packs of film in just 2 days. She really likes how it looks, one thing she just doesn't like doing is looking through the eye piece. It's not a big deal. It's not too heavy to carry around and with the case we purchased with it makes it even more easier to bring around and take quick shots on the go. I am very happy that she is extremely happy with the product.
I bought this camera to take fun pics on vacation, and I couldn't ask for something better! Our pics turned out great once we got the hang of the different light settings! I wouldn't recommend taking pics on SUPER sunny days, as our pics came out very light and washed out even on the full sun setting. I would like to note that if you are taking the film for this through airport security, it is recommended that you ask for a hand inspection because the x-ray machine could damage the film. I took all of the film out of the foil packs and placed them in a ziploc bag, and I didn't have any problems.
Love this camera!
Awesome camera
A dream come true <3 Absolutely adorable
My daughter loves this camera, Just like any other polaroid but in a smaller package as well as the film.
Small size
The pictures came out great. Super simple to use. I love mine. Don't second guess buying this, order it now!
For all of those particularly stuck in the past, and those who love the simpler things, this a perfect product for you. It brings a new feeling to the nostalgia of Polaroid cameras, and it has amazing quality! Definitely worth what it costs, and it wont disappoint. The film is somewhat expensive, but understandable. If you're interested in photography, vintage items, or anything in between, I would definitely tell you to consider this product!
The light settings about as fickle as my landlord is on being a good landlord (very fickle). Sometimes pictures turn out, sometimes they don't. Sometimes it auto adjusts, sometimes it doesn't.
For taking instant shots, it works fine. Photos aren't the sharpest in the world, but that's not why you buy one of these.
The pictures are so small you cannot see anything.  Not a good buy for me.
Love it! The yellow color is perfect as well, very pale just how I like it
I love this camera. It's a cool little thing to carry around that usually catches people's eyes because of its uniqueness. You should buy it and enjoy. Don't expect to become a professional photographer as this is usually for people who enjoy the little things in life or just like near things. I use mine all the time and have no complaints about it.
Color was not at all as expected. Picture looks pink and since it comes with a pink case I assumed it was as such. No, its as close as red as you can get.
Our granddaughter love it!!
My 12 year old  niece loved this so much!
Works great except for it developed yellow stains on the plastic. Cant be washed off
Nice
This is the best thing I have bought in a while. Totally worth it.
Perfect! Works amazing! No complaints! BUY HERE ITS A GREAT DEAL & A LOT CHEAPER THAN MOST STORES
Works just as advertised! Make sure to check your light settings before snapping a picture! Film is expensive and no sense in wasting film
Daughter loved it
This camera is awesome! Dont try to take photos with things such as a ferris wheel or christmas lights in the background because the background will just be pure black. :( Tried to use at Disneyland in front of the castle and it didnt work. Otherwise very satisfied
I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!!
I have no complaints,  and I'm very picky!  I love this camera, and people swoon over it when I pull it out.Very easy to use, and the pink is prettier in person than the picture shows.I was expecting it to be just duller than a soft pink,  like in the picture,  but it's not.
This is the second one I've purchased as a gift. Personally I use the Instax Mini 25, but this is a more popular model and is priced well. Everyone loves this, it will make you the life of the party.
Mine seemed like it was okay,  but the door to open to put film in was warped and let light in, ruining a lot of my photos ðŸ˜£
Bought for my niece, she loves it and has had no problems!
My 9yr old loves this camera! Takes better pictures than I thought it would.
Love my camera! Have had it a little over a year with no problems!
Don't buy it
Super cool just the film for it is super expensive
Will use the camera at Christmas.  Looking forward to taking great pictures to share.
Works perfectly and I'm very happy with the pictures I'm getting.
Love this guy. Fun for all
Great camera came just as described
My wife loves it
My niece loved it. I gave her this camera for her birthday.
At least I enjoyed for 1 day, but I loved it.
Feels flimsy in your hand. Does what it is advertised to do.
Received in perfect shape and at a good price.
It works great, picture quality has that vintage look and feel. I have had this for a few months and it has held up well. The only down side is the cost of refills. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to just take some fun pictures to live in the moment :)
My daughter love it.
Love this camera! The pictures are super cool and vintage
Sent me a faulty camera. Thought it might be just the film that came with, but the camera itself makes most of my pictures come out pitch black. (even if the flash is adjusted)
The pictures are a little smaller than I thought
I am beyond in love with this Instant Camera. It takes good pictures. I got it as a present for my self and because I wanted to have instant pictures for the day of my wedding. Instead of paying for having a photo booth, I used this instead! It works great. Price was decent and the film can get to be pricy but all worth it. I simply love it.
I bought this for my 14 year old daughter for her birthday. She loves it and all of the accessories that came with it.
I'm so glad I got this for my daughter's birthday! Amazon's price is about half what the stores here are charging for this camera. It's a great little camera that is easy to use and the picture quality is pretty impressive considering the fact that it's an instant camera. Couldn't be happier.
This was a gift to my daughter.  She is having fun with her new found hobby!!
Good
Great product
bought this for my daughter, she loves it!
so fun
adorable!
image quality is very poor and dark
it have three circle dot (â—) in the every photo....
This is great when you don't get to see family often and you can snap a quick pic! LOVE love love!
The picture quality is just okay. The flash either washes out the image or the background is blackened out. I had an old Polaroid back in the day and think it was better. But the kids got a kick out of it at the party so it was a good novel effect.
Perfect product and everything!
Apparently this is a super trendy/popular item for the teens and teen-adults out there. Got this for my sister and she went snapping away. Granted that the photos will probably hide in boxes forever, but she's putting this to use.
bought this for a friend and she loooooves it!
We bought this as a little fun stand at a wedding. All the guests took photos and had a fun time.
love the color
great
Great for making quick memories! Makes people focus when taking a picture since they know they only get one chance to get it right. I love this light blue by the way.
love it
It is a great camera and works as expected
For some reason the pictures don't come out very clear but for the low cost it is overall a good product.
Luv it!  Bought this for me extensive shoe collection...  Now I know what shoes r in every shoe box in my closet...
It's so awesome I love this but film is so expensive
Love this camara! It's hard to use though. Make sure you pay attention to the kind of lighting if you don't want to waste a bunch of expensive film.
great, love it.
Great over all. Don't really like the fact that it looks like it's night time when I take pictures during the day.
I love it, so adorable
A seven year old girl's birthday present. She loves it of course, is framing her shots and making an album.
Great product. Excelent service and fast shipping!! Very Satisfied!!
fun and easy to use.  perfect for the going away party we had.
Loved it
good
I love everything about this camera the cokor, the size and especially the shipping! I didn't pay for shipping just the free standard and i ordered it on saturday and it got here on monday! AMAZING
Got this for a gift. Once they have opened it up I will leave a detailed review.
While I love my Mini 8, it can be hard to get an idea on how to properly use it, and testing it is really expensive because you need to buy the film so you need to 1. Learn how to use it really fast (or buy a lot of film) 2. Understand its options before taking your first photo 3. It forces you to consider your photos instead of just randomly taking tons of photos.
IT IS THE SECOND CAMARA THAT I HAVE TO SENT BACK. EVERYTIME THAT I CHANGE THE SWITCH TO USE EVERY DIFFERENT LENTS THE LIGHT DOES NOT WORK.... :/
Just as described and super fast shipping!!!! A++++++
Daughter loves this!
I got this in the mail on November 13, 2016. I messed with it last night, but it feels super cheap. You have to put the printed photo in a dark place so it comes out. If I were to take this outside in the day time, the film wouldn't develop. So far, this is super over priced. I wouldn't re purchase . It is a good idea though. Just kind of a lot of money for a cheaply made toy.
My daughter loves it. Great gift for a 10 to 12 yrs old.
it's really good! I love the blue one
Bought this camera for my grandkids and it provides hours of fun they take selfies and pics of their friends and hang them in their room with close pins.  Great fun for the price.
Love it!!!
Thank you! Love it!
Fun to use
bought this camara for my daughter's 14 bday.. she has not stopped using especially when she is with her friends..take awesome pictures
Bought for my sister. She loves it! Sometimes hard to get picture to come out clear. Some pictures come out all white or all black, even with the correct setting. She is 11 though so she loves the camera.
Awesome item for weddings and impromptu pics with friends.
Bought for a wedding photo guestbook, super easy to use, looks great and makes really nice looking photos. The printing and developing film is really quick too. Ordering a second one just in case of any breaks on the day.... for $50 seems like a great deal!
My husband and I got this for my daughter's birthday, and all her friends wanted one. It was a big hit and works get, easy to put film in.
I had to return because I feel is not good quality. Fun but not so fun when pictures come out in black.
Negative 5 stars!!!! ðŸ˜¡Extremely disappointed.  Purchased this item for a surprise anniversary party. We also purchased a props, backdrop and stand, for a fun selfie station so guests could take a fun selfie. Write a nice note and immediately paste the pic in the scrapbook. Itvwas gonna be awesome. It wasn't.  Why? Because, either this camera is garbage or we were sent a dud. Not acceptable either way, because we can't get those moments back. We tried a plethora of test shots with different lighting, different settings, etc. All to no avail.  They all came out dark and terrible. Very very very disappointed.  I love AMAZON, but this one hurt my heart. Please do better. I do NOT recommend this item.
So perfect ! I bought it for my wedding and it honestly couldn't have been easier to use and play with. I purchased this with the big box of film and it was way more than enough and totally worth the price !
Greate camera. Bought this as a preset to my sister and she loved it!
These cameras has really good reviews, so I purchased a little more easily. The camera is well worth it the money, it takes great pictures and works amazingly.
Camera didn't work right from day one out of 100 pictures take only 12 came out right the rest was just black
We bought the camera and Fuji film paper and the pictures do not develop!! Of course I don't know if it is a problem with the paper or the camera but it is extremely disappointing to my daughter who saved her money for a long time to purchase these items.
This is how my camera of just a couple months takes pictures now! Smh
I bought this for my wife and she instantly fell in love with it, we have photos from the mountains in Nevada & Arizona, Las Vegas and California... It's compacted and fun to use...
I love the color !!! so easy to use
I LOVE THIS CAMERA!
It is a typical instant camera - photos are on the small side - doesn't do to well in lower natural  light conditions - but depending on the price you get it for. -it's a fun camera to have around. Film is expensive  though
My granddaughter ordered this for her birthday!  She loved it!  Good color and cute little sized pictures.  Looks like a better size for scrapbooking.
So cute and works well
So instead of a guest book where everybody can write something we created a photo album. The pictures are credit card size and might not be as good as from your professional camera, but they are so unique. If you just have one shot to get it right, you put more determination in your pictures.The pictures will turn out better the more light you have. Yes, you do have a flash and some settings, but the key is light!
It's very cute I got it as a graduation present for my cousin and she loved. It takes pretty good pictures and has already survived a few drops.
Best gift i had ever bought.Great quality. Easy to use
Originally was looking for a digital camera but since I have been noticing these around more often among my college friends I decided to give it a go. And boy was it a good idea, I love it! It's beautiful, the right size and does all that is needed to do. It's simple yet chic. I love bringing back the old way we took photos and yet with a modern twist. Yes this camera is no digital, no does it not have any ports to "download" the picture, and you don't have to replace any ink. It's just simple. And I can express it anymore of how I would buy it again for someone else. It came fast and packaged well. This is a product that you would buy when you need to "treat yourself" :) .
love it
Works amazing
I love this little camera. I seriously love it. It's one of my favorite purchases ever.
I love this camera, is easy to use.
LOOK EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURES AND WORKS GREAT !!
Love this! So cute and super fun!
Perfect size. Easy to use and the mini films are fun size.
MY first polaroid camera and I was instantly in love. I love the fact that pictures develop right on the spot and i can change the settings depending on where I am.
Such a fun camera. Pictures are good quality outside, with lots of light. Indoor photos turn out pretty dark. Easy to use, definitely worth it.
To be honest I was really excited about this product but even with the settings for taking pictures in different envionrments my photos always came out blurry or dark - really sad it didn't work out!
Perfect ! I loved it!
Great purchase. I bought this camera for my sister's birthday hoping it was a solid Polaroid with a modern touch. It's functional, stylish and prints out great quality photos. It even came with a matching carrying case which was a nice bonus. All in all I'm happy with the product and definitely recommend.
so cool, and easy to work!
Such a fun camera for a party! Pics aren't the greatest, but it's like what you expect from the old school Polaroids- I call it "baby-roids"!
Great for parties. I use it all the time.
Always wanted this camera! I love it.
it was a bit hard to understand which setting to use was better until i figured out the light showed what was the best setting for now. I like the weight of the camera too and its super adorable!
It's just like the picture.  I love it.
Like it soooo much...
Super cute ! I've used it since the day it came in the mail. Not difficult to set up, batteries are provided (thanks), and perfect size - not too big/or small.
Great!
just what i needed for my camera
These cameras are amazing!!
gifted this to a friend. she loves taking happy snaps!
bought one for myself and one as a gift. both loved it to travel with.
Best purchase ever! This camera was a huge hit at my sister's wedding! We're going to use it for my wedding at a photo booth station. I love it!!
This is the cutest little camera. I love to take this on vacations with me. The Polaroids are smaller than traditional size. Great gift!
Absolutely love this camera ! It was everything I hoped & the pictures come out beautiful !
Great camera for my kids! They love polaroids
Bought this for a friend. It is basically a toy camera, but she loves it. The prints are quite small. Be sure to adjust the exposure dial manually, or your images will be useless.
AAAHHH-MAZING camera made very well and the pictures come out in seconds it's a wonderful little camera to have got it for my daughter but I enjoy using it too !
it was perfect
This is such a fun camera. It not only captures one of a kind pixes, but it it such a conversation ice-breaker (the pink color may be the initial eye-catcher).  Besides, I am soooo old school and using this camera is nostalgic, and giving some pixes now and then to random people is heart-warming  and is accompanied by smiles galore.
This camera works great not one complaint.  I do wish that the pictures were a little larger but the quality of the pictures was great.  I used it as a photo booth guest book for a birthday party it was a big hit.
It was my daughter's 9 bday present. It couldn't be a better present. Since then she has been taking pictures al the time with her friends, brother and us.My nephew (11yo) just saw it and have asked for it as xmas present.
This came in great same and I love it!! It takes such good pictures
Very very good
I love this camera! The old fashioned polaroids bring back the nostalgic memories of my childhood. There is just something about having a physical photo in your hand right away that is just so magical. Every trip or anywhere I go I take this with me in addition to my DSLR. The physical aspect is just great, especially to give away to friends or family, etc. The quality is quite good, depending on how you take the photo. It can be a bit too bright sometimes in broad daylight, even at the lowest settings however. But otherwise, the flash is decent during indoor photos when it can be a bit dark.
My Family loves it !
My granddaughter loves it
I've only had it for like 18 hours but I love it. Pics come out pretty clear. Gotta be careful with lighting. If it's too bright the film will just be white. But that's how Polaroid cameras are.
My daughter loved getting this camera from me for her birthday.  It's adorable.  The pictures are credit card size and what you'd expect in quality.  Definitely a great gift.
This camera is so cute! And love the fact that the camera it self is pretty inexpensive, however the film is kind of costly. But hey at least there is film for it. It's hard to find film for the old school Polaroids (my husband has on of those and he would know!).
Perfect for what we needed! Used it as part of our guest book for our wedding. Everyone seemed to be able to figure out how to change the film and use the camera without any instruction. Pictures turned out great from during the day and night!
I gave this to my daughter for her 10th birthday--she loved taking pictures of all her friends at her party and the girls got to see the photos right away.  Also the price on Amazon is MUCH better than out in the stores.
This a perfect gift for a teen, brought this for myself to try it out, planning on buying another one for my 16 year old granddaugher for her 16th. birthday.
Very new and good to use.
Love them!
I bought this camera for my daughter and she has enjoyed it tremendously. It is very easy and fun to use and take places. The price was very reasonable compared to other stores I had looked at.
Works perfect :3
Absolutely love this little camera! SO fun
Love, love, love...a hit at my wedding reception.
While this camera can be a little bulky, it's a lot of fun. It reminds me of taking Polaroids as a kid.The images are about as small as a credit card, so they can easily be stored in a wallet or in a change purse. The image quality isn't super fantastic (it's a lot like older Polaroids), but it's more for fun than anything. I'm considering using this at my wedding as a guest book. The film is about $1 a picture or $0.50 depending on how cheap you can get it, so I wouldn't suggest it if you blow through film a lot because it can be costly.Overall, I enjoy it. It was just what I was looking for.
This polaroid-type camera is my go-to gift for those i love, and they jump for joy. it's appealing, available in several candy colors, and unusual--a throwback that's totally new. i also give the plastic tiny colored clothespins and a string to hang the photos as they dry, ready to show off at a party or at home. it's not for great photos...it's for fun.
Raspberry is not true to color! Don't be deceived by the photo that they show. It's more of an orange tint/coral/burnt red. That's too bad, false advertising. The camera feels light and cheap, you have to push the lense back in with your fingers. After adding batteries and film it may feel more sturdy. It's a cute concept and price is unbeatable for an instant film camera.
Great product.  Price is good.
Fun! Spits out teeny tiny photos like Polaroid.  Pretty good quality for such an inexpensive camera.  Fun with groups and parties.
Bought as a Wedding gift. Crazy cute.
Its great
I'm really disappointed about this product. It doesnt work well like I expect
Great portable camera brings me back to the old days of instant photography. However, Fuji has master this technology bringing excellent quality on every shot. I'm really impress with the consistentcy of colors and light revealed on every take.
I love this camera but you cant get pictures at night or in darkish places.
This was so fun for my wedding reception! Love, love love! Would highly recommend.
Great camera in terms of "fun" but the pictures do get washed out if you dont have the flash settings on the right way
Love it !!
i freakin love this thing!! i think it is extremely helpful that the camera suggests which setting to use based on lighting. super easy!
It was shipped to me on time and in good condition. It has all of its parts and the box did not seem roughed up or tampered with. The only problem is that the camera does not eve work. which is a HUGE problem. I thought at first, maybe it is just the batteries that came with and that they were just dead. I promptly replaced them and, to no prevail, the camera was still broken. Really upset that it came to me broken and was very upset to find this out while on vacation. I took pictures with my phone rather than my new camera, which was a bummer since i was super excited about my new camera. Really wish the other reviews about the camera not working wouldn't happen to me, but it did.
Great camera - purchased for a teenage girl - she loves it.
It looks cool, but quality the camera itself it not good. I had mini 25 before and my friend had mini50. I buy this for a friend, and I hope there is no other problems. I would recommend paying a littler more to buy a better one.
I love it so much! It's easy to use!
Such an adorable camera, got it in pink and I couldn't be happier.
Picture is smaller than I thought it would be, but not bad. Color and feel are good.
Great gift for a teenager! Arrived nicely packaged and works great!
I love my Fujifilm insta mini 8! It is so easy and came with batteries! I only gave it 4 stars bc most of the directions were in a different language except for a small part. I ended up having to look up how to insert film and work it on YouTube.
Was a lot of fun at the reunion.  Thanks!
My daughter absolutely loves her camera , we used it for a party and had so much fun
Very satisfied.
Works great. Easy to use.
Great fun for the grandchildren! Very entertaining for the older kids. All 4 of my grand-daughters (ages 9,11,11, and 12) loved it. I do suggest buying extra film and maybe some accessories to add a little more fun things to do with the camera and pictures. I think you definitely need a case for the camera especially with kids being a little rambunctious. The only negative thing is the quality of the pictures is not as good as I think it could be, but still a lot of fun.
AAA
Totally fun camera!
Perfect tween gift.
good
This camera is a huge hit in our household!
This camera is so much fun! Easy set up...like 5 minutes. Photos came out clear and with a "natural" filter. Looking forward to snapping tons of shots!
I've ordered 2 for granddaughters and they both loved it!!!
Thank you!  My 10 year old is going to LOVE this camera for her birthday!!  Thanks for sending ON TIME!
Love this camera!  Although it takes much better pictures indoors than in bright sunlight, it's so perfect for instant photos and is exactly what I needed.
Photo quality beloe expectations
very great birthday gift for myself love taking pictures and how this camera takes them just absolutely love it would buy it again for someone to have
Wish It came with the film. Otherwise, its great.
If you're old enough, you remember using a Polaroid camera. This blast from the past is similar with a few differences. First, the picture size is a rectangle instead of a square and that rectangle is only a little more than half the size of the classic Polaroid square prints. Think business card size for these prints. Also, the resolution leaves a lot to be desired. It's not as sharp as the old Polaroids. If you know the old Polaroids, you know there wasn't room for a decrease in resolution.The film doesn't have the extra layer over it like those old Polaroids. Remember how you used to have to wait two minutes before peeling off the developer layer? Not with this film. You get to watch the image slowly appear over that two minutes or so. Speaking of the film, it's pricey. A two pack of 10 prints per pack costs about $10 from Amazon. That works out to around fifty cents a picture. Like I said, pricey.All in all, this is an expensive toy camera. Like my title said, this camera takes good pictures about as well as an Easy Bake Oven baked a decent cake. Of course, if you know someone who really is enamored with idea of this type of camera, you're going to be stuck getting one, so save your money as much as possible and get this one.
Great camera, daughter loves it :)
camera was defective
Good product
What am I doing wrong?! Film is loaded it snaps pic but doesn't print....???
:)
This camera is so amazing. I love taking pictures and this is great for collecting memories.
Perfect for a photo booth addition to a party. It was a big hit
Perfect camera ''''
It's so cute and nice. I love it :)
This camera is so fun. Great quality of the pictures too! Easy to take it anywhere. It has different modes for pictures, only thing is, no matter where you are the flash will always come out, you cant disable it.
Love love love this camera! Cute and adorable!
Product arrived in a timely fashion and is as described.
I LOVE ITTTT BEST CHRISTMAS PRESENT EVER
Great value
Bought this product as a bridesmaids gift. Great Price, packaging was great! Show the camera on the front!This product is awesome to use and prints in great time. I love these cameras! Doesn't come with film - just FYI.
Purchased it as a gift for my older sister and she loved it! The camera takes great pictures and would highly recommend it to anyone. I will actually buying another one for myself
Thank you!
got on time as promised thank you
Good
So cute!!
I love this camera, and it arrived super fast!
Awesome. great quality
Love it
They had so much fun snapping photos!! You do have to buy a lot of film but they enjoyed the results.
I used to have a mini 7 before and it was easy to use. So I decided to by an 8 because of the attractive raspberry color. But it pissed me off somehow. How ever hard I try, the color of the pictures I took is either too dark or too light. The pictures look quite vintage but sometimes I need to show how colorful the life is, but I can't. I try to adjust the light but there is no use. Any helpful tips?
I feel like I went back in time. :) but love the instant convenience of having a photo
Pretty good little camera!  We used it at a party and people loved it.  The pictures print smaller than the old Polaroids that I grew up with, but the camera served it's purpose!
Great camera! Love the fact that you can capture the moment! Super cute and vintage! Good quality photos:)
Absolutely Love my Camera!!  Best purchase every.
Cute camera, still working to get used to it so my pics turn out not so washed out.
My granddaughters are going to be so happy on Christmas
This is a birthday gift to my 10yr old daughter.  We all love it so much and already took some pictures.  It is not as clear as the normal ones.  But the convenience and fun to take is totally worth it.
Instructions all in chinese, and no film included.
It's already broken and I didn't even buy it a long time ago...
My preteen girl LOVES this.  I  thought it may be something that she wasted a lot of film on, however she didn't. She's pretty frugal about what she takes pictures of. Not sure everyone's child will be that way but mine was. It give really cute pictures.
I take pictures all the time. It's the best.
Excelent
Great condition very nice my daughter loved it
Fast delivery & received exactly what was described. Love this product wish I bought it sooner!
This is actually a Christmas gift for my daughter. I'm rating in a 4 star based off of what others rated it. I opened it, I'ts heavier and bigger than I expected. It looks like it a good quality camera. I'll update after she uses it a few time.
This is awesome!!!!!
My daughter loves her camera, just what she wanted
Takes horrible pictures, sorry I listened to reviews
I love my camera.
This reminds me of the old SX 70 camera, only cuter!
too soon to tell, used only once
I love my fujifilm camera. It worked out great for a birthday party. Everyone loved it and the photos that they got to take home.
very good product!!! A+++
As expected!
I love this camera. I love it. So Much. Have I mentioned I love it? This thing is the most awesome little fun device. I had it a while, took it on vacation and got some really fun keepsake pictures... but the BEST part about this camera is that I used it for my wedding as the "guestbook" where guests would take selfies and post them in a scrapbook. IT WAS A HUGEEEE HIT! Everyone was raving about the little camera and photos and we got some amazing shots. I would recommend this camera hands down.
Does not take photos Junk!
Love my camera. fast shipping
Very easy to use and great price. It's fun to use waiting to see what the image looks like.
This camera is very cute, works great, and I'm definetly gonna be using it all the time.
Great photos and we had lots of fun taking them too.
Super cute and takes surprisingly good photos!
Fun camera
great price, saw this same camera at local craft store for double what I paid on Amazon. love the raspberry color!
Was a perfect accent for my best friend bridal shower, but be warned, and take special attention weather and settings or else the pictures will not come out as planned
LOVE this product
Love these cameras!! Easy to use I bought one for my 10 year old, 7 year old and 9 year old niece and they all love it.
Colour as pic, small and cute. Haven't used as yet though
This camera works great and is very easy to use! Instructions were super helpful and explained things great! I love the vivid color of the camera and the quality of the pictures !
terrible cÃ¡mara.  Very blurry pictures.
My six year old niece loved using this camera to take photos. Small size was perfect for her.
Sucks that the film is expensive but the camera is the perfect gift for that special someone.
perfect
I'll update this review when I actually get a camera that works. After doing some research it is common for these camera's not to turn on. I had to order a replacement, let's hope it comes in time for the event I ordered it for... Currently not a huge fan, but maybe if I get one that works, I can update this.
It cute and very adorable and even came with batteries! I bought this with a case (much lighter case color though) and a twin film pack!! It came two weeks early I'm super excited!!! I kinda dropped the box out of excitement ðŸ˜
It was exactly as described, my kids have enjoyed it so much we had to order a second one.
After having a Fujifilm Instax for several years, I decided to gift one to my sister-in-law for her birthday. She was absolutely delighted and I was pleasantly surprised to see all of the updates the newer generation has. It allows you a little more control with your differently lighting settings and it's nice how the front lens pops out and you can just push it back in. The one thing I have to say that is nice on my version that hers didn't have was the little selfie mirror on the front when no one else is around to take your photo. Overall, a quality product. I used both my camera and hers at our wedding reception to help fill our guest book with impromptu photos. It turned out to be one of the things I've cherished most after the big day.
Perfect size for our 4 year old who loves to take pictures.  She loves carrying it with her everywhere she goes.  It's easy to use and takes great instant pictures.
Works well! Very happy with the purchase.
Product is not working at all, we review with an expert and it seems that it is damage and can not be fixed
Looks more purple and less blue in real life. Pretty though
awsome gift for my 6 year old. She loves it! she used it to take pictures of her friends on her birthday and give them the instant photos.This is also a useful camera. I wanted to take passport pictures and i used it to take the pictures and cut it out to right size. Saved myself a trip to a store.
Such a fun and cute camera for parties. My daughter loves it!!
My 17 year old daughter and budding photographer has been eying these since they came out and we finally got her one. She really enjoys taking and displaying the "hipster" pictures. The film is a little high but it is a novelty item.
Bought camera as a gift for a little girl's 10th birthday party. It was a hit! Girls had a lot of fun taking selfies and pics! :)
more red than pictured
This item was a quality item, ,worked well for my purposes.
Cute and easy to use. Took me half a dozen times to get the pictures right, but after that it's been a blast! I would not recommend it to be used outside as I never succeeded with photos taken outdoor with this camera. Indoor photos are quite good. Also, the actual picture features the center area of what you see in the viewfinder, so what you see will not be what you have. Also, this camera is not good for close-up shots as the instruction mentions. Make sure you keep the minimum distance away from your target object. But after one get used to it, there should be no problem.Replacing film is also very easy, more like a no-brainer.I've had mine for 2.5 years now, and I am excited to record more life moments with it!
The film is TOO EXPENSIVE so we returned this.
Very fun purchase. Not the greatest camera but also not too expensive. I'm going to be using this at my wedding to take pictures of all the guests.
Amazing Camera, works perfectly.
Great Camera !!!
I love it! The pictures come out great!
One word: PERFECTION!!  When i had my daughter i wish i knew about this camera. I love the picture quality. This vintage look and feel. I really love that i can hold a picture in my hand instead of looking at it on my phone or pc. It really captures those special moments.
I LOVE IT.
Yes
I bought this for my daughter's birthday it is a great camera the Polaroids are small but they are cute and something my daughter enjoyed so much as she love's taking pictures i would recommend other's buy this for their teen aged child or for their selves as well because i had wanted one right after .
Product is really bad. It worked only for 25 days and after in broke down, I tried to return it but the return  window had already expired.Really bad quality. (Really bad warranty)Don't buy
awesome camera
It's cute, I wish the photos were bigger though
We bought this as a birthday gift for a 7 year old. She was obsessed with these at a recent wedding and we thought it might be fun. Not only is it adorable, but it's not digital. NOT DIGITAL. It's amazing the quality that these types of cameras still produce, she has great fun with it, and it's teaching her a lot about photography. Not to mention... her birthday party photo booth = total blast. Highly recommend.
She loves it!
Love love love it
love
I fell in love with this camera the minute I saw I tI was looking for a onestep Polaroid camera when I came over this cute fujifilmI would recommend this for all ages and as well as for a gift i  guarantee the person  receiving this fujifilm will be thrilled ones they take their first Polaroid pictureSo I recommend too all you won't regret buying this fujifilm for yourself or as a gift
This was a gift for a young girl.  Tons of fun!  Be sure to include film and necessary batteries.
This is more of a toy than a camera, it worked well for about a month until the indoors/bright/cloudy/hi key function around around the lens started malfunctioning. It took almost another month for the entire machine to stop working. Also it has no real functions like exposure/zoom/flash optional etc. I wish I didn't buy so much film for this toy, I was looking for a camera. And of course, no warranty on a made in China knockoff.
Exactly as photo described, great seller thanks
Love it .!
I can't say how much I love this thing! I wish there was a better manual out there to explain the flash and such.
bought it for my grandchild who loved it
Fun camera for a party picture taking
Perfect!!!!
My girls love this camera, they love the fact that it prints out instantly. Overall, I am happy with this purchase. The camera does have a learning curve, though, trying to get the right settings so the picture turns out good. I wasted several pictures because the settings weren't quite right, which is a little frustrating because the cost of the film. The pictures also come out looking like they were taken at a farther distance. When the settings are right, I love how the pictures look, they look very vintage. I hope that with some practice, we can learn which settings work for what. The girls loved taking it to the zoo, every other kid was looking at them, like wow, that camera is cool, wish I had one! This seller had the best price, and the shipping was very quick. Would definitely recommend this product and seller, just be patient, it does have a slight learning curve!
I bought this camera to take polaroid photos at my friend's wedding. It was so fun being able to take pictures and hand them out to other guests immediately. The camera is so cute, and it takes really great quality photos!
Ordered two for wedding guestbook - they were a hit! My family fought over who was going to get to keep them after the wedding. Of course I had to let one go on the honeymoon :)
Exactly as described and the kids love them. They are very easy to work great teen gift as well
So fun and cute! It's perfect for my 8 & 10 year old daughter's. I got one for each of them on their bdays. They love them! I think they're fun for any age though. Even I want one and I have a 70d Canon with all the bells & whistles. This camera is just fun and takes great pics! Adorable little  keepsakes! Thank you!
My daughter loves it âœŒâœŒ
Very, Very Nice
I am a photographer, and got this along with a case for my 7 year old. She adores this camera. Film is pretty expensive at stores so definitely make sure to buy the film on Amazon.. it's the cheapest place I've found.
Great
Amazing Fun Filled Camera!  This is so much fun.  I bought it for my daughter, but the whole family has enjoyed it.  It is well made and has major Polaroid childhood nostalgia.  I absolutely recommend this camera.
This was a birthday present for my little girl, she loves it. It's a pretty cool camera. I'd recommend it.
Loving this camera ðŸ’™ðŸ’™
I've had this for a week and so far it's worked very well. The lighting takes a little to get used to manipulating correctly, but aside from that I love it.
It is a very fun and easy to use product. I like how it resets the flash settings when you turn it off (although that takes a while to get used to). Just be mindful that the flash is very bright. Very bright and harsh.It's a fun little toy and if you don't mind that the film is almost a dollar a piece you will love it.The things you have to remember is that the film has to be completely excluded from the light for three minutes (otherwise the film will not fully colorize and that can be frustrating) and always check your photo settings (or the picture might be set on indoor setting when you are outside in the sun)!
Cool stuff ðŸ˜Š Guests had lots of fun with these on our wedding day
It met all my expectations. The picture is clear and the price awesome.
Great deal!
I LOVE this camera, is amazing to see something from so long ago come back and now I can hand it down to my kids for them to enjoy. Having something simple as a picture to preserve for a life time means so much to me, it's easy to loose so many photos no matter what program you use to store them. LOVE LOVE LOVE it! The blue of the camera is very baby blue, the features to adjust the "type" of photo is the best part of this camera, it allows you to have different photos based on lighting. The fact that you don't have to "fan" the photo is another nice quality of these cameras.
LOVR LOVE LOVE IT!!I'm all for taking polaroid pictures, and this fits right in my bag.  Sometimes the pics come out a little darker on tone than you would think (accentuated shadows) but otherwise their good quality photos.  Just don't stand too far away from your subject because it'll come out to be kinda small.  Like if you'd zoomed out on the pic as you were taking it.
Such a cute camera. Loveee!The pictures are a bit smaller than expected, and the quality photo is definitely vintage. The photo cartridges are expensive to refill. But I still loveee this camera.
This item was a gift for my daughter and she loved it and continue to share it with her friends
Son loves it! And he's glad I didn't get the pink one! har har
Everything is great, it's exactly what my daughter wanted
I did quite a bit of research into current polaroid cameras before finally deciding on the Instamax 8. If you're looking for a affordable entry into the polaroid scene, this product is for you.If you're curious about polaroid photos and want that instant feeling of excitement when your photograph is printed in front of you, this camera is for you. Sure you could pick up an older polaroid camera but the price per photo if you purchase the Impossible Project film would be nearly $3 per photo. With the Instax and the instax film, you're getting photos for 50 cents a print. Granted the instax photos don't have the same distortion or print size as the impossible project film, but you still get the satisfaction of a polaroid product.Unfortunately the flash for the camera cannot be switched off. You can remedy this by purchasing some white or black electric tape to lay over the flash. Furthermore the viewfinder is less than accurate up close, so in some circumstances you're better off judging the subjects position without the viewfinder.If you want to get your toes wet into the world of polaroid photography the Instax Mini 8 is a great first step. You'll develop a feel for the limitations of instant camera and there is always an opportunity to upgrade to a "real" polaroid camera if you find yourself in love with instant photography.
Love it! The camera is really something. Can't wait to use it for the holidays! Very happy with this product.
The Girls Loved them for Christmas and still do.
Such a cute camera. It is very easy to use as well. We bought this for my daughters 11th birthday and we have not be disappointed. It is so cute and the pictures are a great quality too!
TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK ~~ DO NOT PURCHASE !!!
I bought this camera for my daughter's sweet 16 birthday.  She loves it.  Very cute, especially go with the camera case which included in the bundle of accessories being purchased separately.
My daughter loves this
I wish I could use this more, but the film is so expensive. Really, it is above and beyond my expectations. I just wish I had the extra dough to shell out whenever I feel artistic or have an event.
good color but difficult to use
Bought as a gift! Not necessarily for the professional photographer in your life, but a very fun, nostalgic way to capture moments on the fly, and comes in such a cute modern style (plus anyone can find a color they like). Arrived quickly, no problems with seller, fully intact with no damages or marks, and the price isn't bad.
Honesty, this is the best camera film i ever had. I don't know why people complain about its exposure and all. There's nothing wrong with this camera. Before I bought this camera, i look at reviews and questions. Most of questions are common and repeatedly asked. I'll just say it and be done with it. This is a film camera which mean everything is not digital, everything is kind of old fashioned way. You take a picture and it automatically print a film picture. It will seem clear white as a paper but, wait for about 20-40 seconds. The color will develop as the film picture itself too. This work through 2 AA batteries. Before you buy this, this camera is gonna be an different experience for you if you're digital photographer or use digital camera because this camera is a F I L M camera. This camera  actually only focus on exposure which means you'll need to take pictures at the right lighting. Never take a picture with light behind you indoor unless you change your setting to "Hi-key". i tried it and it works. I have not try other settings since Hurricane Matthew issue. There are five settings: Cloudy, Sunny, High Sunny, Indoor and Hi-key. Ok, i have already discussed this so now the film packages. Most of people complain about the cost of it, my suggestion is to buy film packages on AMAZON ONLY! it will save up your money so much. I actually bought 100 sheets of film for $60. AMAZING RIGHT?! Anyways, another tips for this camera is once your pictures have printed, please do not shake the photo or touch the picture itself because it will damage the quality or ruin the pictures. Yes there are other accessories you can buy with this camera in BUNDLE! mirror selfie is not included. any of other accessories is not included with camera itself, unless it's in bundle. you have to buy it separately. please read the label before you add it to your cart. make sure you have the right item that you wanted. Yes this camera go by many colors. If the flash isn't required for the picture you're planning to take, please have something cover it like tape or something. do not use your hand, it will bring out the colors in the pictures in weird way. I hope you'll love your camera as I have loves mine! :)
Exactly what she wanted and it got here fast
it was great
Take all such cute pictures!!! Gives it a old time look. I couldn't stop taking pictures with it.
This was a gift and much liked by the person I bought it for. I already had one and they liked it. It is difficult to see your object because to viewer is so tiny. Recommend to others, just be prepared for the price of the film.
Bad photo quality
My daughter loved this camera! Good pics!
Perfect
Yay!!!! I love it ^.^ Now they are every where though. I don't know how the price compares now.
Perfect All
Great purchase for a teenager boy for vacation! Exploring pictures from everything from waffle pictures to silly pictures of cousins! The camera was light and could fit in his back short pockets and easily in his hand. Best gift! Whole family had a blast looking and laughing at pictures!!!
My son bought this camera for his fiancÃ©e as a birthday gift! She really loves it and has gotten a lot of use out of it in the two weeks that she's owned it. It's really neat to see Polaroid pictures coming back! The pictures reminds me so much of pictures in the 1970s! These Polaroids are smaller than the 1970s version, but are just as fun. She says the camera is easy to use, fun to operate, and very durable. My future daughter-in-law highly recommends this camera. The film for this camera is expensive, and unlike digital, there really is no do over. That being said, it's still fun to have tangible pictures that you can hand out to people. Remember, the pictures don't actually have to be shaken to develop. In fact, the directions say not to shake the picture. That's disappointing, since shaking the picture was such a part of the 1970s Polaroid experience . But  shaking the picture didn't do anything then either.
Awesome camera.
Bought this camera a few months ago. But never really had the need for it until recently. At first pictures developed fine. But now. Every single picture taken comes out yellow! So upset!!!!!!!
I'm rating this a five star product because it was a gift for my granddaughter and she loves it. I haven't seen it myself so you'll have to take the word of a twelve year old!
Very cute! Persons are always complimenting this camera.
I bought this for my daughter she was so happy ,  the camera is amazing âœ¬
10 year old LOVES this. Its adorable and we bought a case with shoulders straps for her to carry it around. It is the cutest camera and the pictures are so fun.
great camera, great gift for the daughter. Works great
OBSESSED with this camera. Clean and easy to use!
Excellent gift
Can't wait to have fun with this camera.  My kids love taking pictures.
Very very good
I honestly love polaroids because they we're something that I always enjoyed playing with and shooting pictures with. This was so affordable and it came in very quickly. Everything came in tact and it's ready to take pictures wtih! It's not too heavy or bulky to put into your purse. I personally love this camera!
Bought the pink one as a gift for my sister to take to on her bachelorette weekend. She loved it and it was a big hit! The pink color is very light and pretty much looks like the color in the picture. The camera was very easy to use and the polaroids came out great. Bought the fuji film to go with this camera.
When evere i took pic the pic is blared.very upset.i spend money for bundle my all money wasted.
My daughter loves it. But picture comes out small and not as clear.
It's such a great camera. I was so excited when it arrived and it takes awesome photos
Love it! So cute and way cheaper here than in any stores. Easy to carry and has several settings including indoor and outdoor!
Awesome quality! Great seller!
Does not work good, all the pictures are very dark I will be returning it.
My daughter loves it. The perfect teen gift.
Works great my girl loves it
Great camera, especially for the price. Just know that the view finder does not align with the lens so if you use the view finder to take pictures, they will be off centered. It takes a bit of experimentation to figure out how to not have photos that are too dark or over exposed. I used this camera to take pictures on my wedding day and have the photos in an album. It was fun to get the photos instantly and the album serves as great memories of the day.
Lots of fun! Only close up items show up in the photo. Film sometimes jams and does a double exposure. Used for a wedding photo booth and was perfect for the event.
12 yr old loved this for her birthday!!
This one was for one of my granddaughters and she loves it. I had bought a blue one out of curiosity for myself, and I think Fuji got it right. It is much like the retro Polaroids, except they made the pictures smaller (wallet sized) which significantly reduced the cost. The cost is about $1 a picture. If you have to ask why buy this camera when you can take pictures with a smartphone, this item really is not for you.
I love it
Camera works great!
Gift
