I am so glad I purchased this camera. I debated it for months and finally gave in. It was worth the cost in my opinion. I wish the film was cheaper. It is a little bulkier than I had expected. I enjoy it.
Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (Pink)I'm not into stuff like this. But my girlfriend is super trendy and hipster and she loves it!
She loves it.
I LOVE THIS CAMERA! IT'S VERY CUTE AND STYLISH AND DOES THE JOB.
cool stuff
Nice  product and  the  quality is  excellent , recommended
I adore this camera, the only mild drawback is that the film can get pretty expensive but that is alright because it is an awesome way to take pictures. No editing, just pure picture taking. I adore the color as well.
fast shipping, great price
At time! Good!
love it
love it awesome
The film isn't cheap, but the novelty is worth it. A lot of fun for any age. I wish it used Instax Wide film instead of Mini for bigger prints.This camera has zero low-light functionality unless your subject is less than a few meters away. Tried to capture a picture at twilight, but it came out completely black lol.
I purchased this one because it came with a pack of film. The photos so far have come out really washed out. I hope it's an issue with the film and not the camera. The camera has fun accessories (purchased seperate) and is really easy to use.
Bought two of these. Returned both because their electronics are lacking.  Put in film (film is expensive) and a battery.  Camera takes 10 pictures by itself.  You don;'t even have to press any buttons-it continues shooting - it's self focusing and self shooting even though you can't use any of the "pictures."Then when you return it, Amazon charges a restocking fee to restock a worthless item.Don't think so.  Cute when it works but you might not need the hassle.
Ordered this for my daughters 13th birthday. She loves the camera and has found it very easy to use. The film is fairly affordable, but not so much when a 13 year old girl takes pics of everything in sight the first couple days. I would highly recommend this product.
LOVEEEEEEE IT! IT'S AMAZING IN EVERY WAY!  BUY IT! !! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!!
Great camera that takes great instant photos!
great
This is such a GREAT camera!!! A great camera for a great price. I've only taken one picture, and I am SO IMPRESSED! Before buying this camera however, consider the cost of film. Film is expensive! For 50 pictures it cost about $47 dollars. >_<
Amazing!!
I absolutely loved it! I wasn't able to be at my place when it got delivered and they came the next day which I think is the best! Oh and camera is very cute(:
Love this camera but color is more A tangerine then raspberry. Sent back and got the grape it's perfect!
It said it came wit films but it doesn'tðŸ–•ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ŽðŸ½
Lovely little camera. Just like the classic Polaroids of the 90s. Highly recommend.
Bought this as a gift for my step-daughter.  She was very happy about it.  She doesn't use it as much as anticipated though because of having to purchase film.  From what I saw, the quality of the pictures was really good.
haven't used this yet. It will be a Christmas gift for my daughter.  It's very pretty, so I hope it works well.
Fabulous camera for making personalized cards.
film is expensive to buy
Excelent Product
Works great, just like description! Fun and easy to use! Love my new pictures!
I got this new but when I tried to change the light exposure setting, it didn't work. It was kind of lame
Takes excellent pictures!!!  love it!!!
This was a fun item at a big party.  I used this along with some photo booth props also purchase on Amazon.  Fun, memorable photos created at an instant at the party. You can take 2 shots:  keep one and the other give to your friends.
I really love it!! It works great, came fast, and takes great pictures :) BTW just in case some are wondering if it comes with the film included IT DOESN'T, but you can always order some! :)
I bought this camera for my little sister to give to her on her 13th birthday. She is just starting to get into photography and this is a nice and fun compliment to the rest of her photography arsenal. Not having to wait to upload the pictures onto a computer or have the film developed at the store results in some instant gratification and reminds me of the good ole days when I was younger than she is now. It is a bummer that you have to routinely spend more money in order to buy more film but my little sister loves it and that is good enough for me! Her bulletin board is full of pictures she has taken in the few weeks of owning it.
My 9 year old loves her new camera...she takes it everywhere she thinks she'll have some good photo ops!  Photos are cute size...small..but perfect for her at this age! Surprisingly good quality photos too if you make sure to change the lighting indicator as instructed.  Love it!
We loved this camera, it was the hit of the party! Ordered another for a Christmas present for someone on my list!
CuteCamera great for making memories and displaying it In my room!
It's cute, we get compliments on it all the time. Most people don't know something like this still exists and most call it a Polaroid.The pics are smaller than old Polaroid but the camera is also smaller and easier to take around with you. It's fun to give friends a souvenir to take home.Only complaint is its hard to get the exposure right. It gives you suggested exposure but getting things wrong at $0.80 a pop kind of sucks. Oh wells, it's part of the process I suppose.
This product is good but I have couple concerns about this camera (I don't know if it is due to my poor photographing skills or the product itself.)1) the film always come out empty, or white?2)it's somehow out of focus, even when I'm aiming right in the circle and it's super blurry when the film comes out even when I adjusted to the right mode3) I have to press the button really hard to get a film ( don't know why)I have attached some pictures as a proof.Don't know if  I should return this product and purchase a new one? This is a great product, I love it but I'd also like to get it fixed before it gets worse.
purchase it for my 15 year old and it takes good pictures she loves it
It works just as expected. It's so cute and it's a great size for carrying around with me throughout the day.
super fun to use.  pictures are great compared with other instant cameras!
In love with my camara
I love it! it's so cute and I love the color.
I love it
My daughter was super happy to receive this for her birthday.  It works very well.
Great Product!
Daughter loves it.
great for a gift! and inexpensive for what it can do!! Love it!
we used it as a fun activity during my wedding, everybody loves it! the vintage feel and the instant picture made guests excited! and like most of my friends who saw it wanted one! :D very good purchase!
Love this camera. It's so much fun. Thank you for fast shipping and a great product
Love it
I couldn't be more happy with the Instax camera, it's my new, favorite obsession. It's extremely easy and fun to use. It's well worth the money!
It was a gift and she loves it
I am so happy I purchased this camera, the item arrived quickly & promptly. It is definitely worth it! I am so happy to capture memories in this form. I plan to make a scrap book soon! The camera is light weight and certainly met up to my expectations.
Bought for my teenager. She's very happy with it.
I've wanted this camera for so long until I finally just ordered it on a wimb and I can't be happier! Film for it can get pretty expensive but it's totally worth it and I love how the pictures turn out.
Cute as can be to be the first camera for my 9 year old granddaughter.Easy to use and can see the picture right away.
Just how I wanted it! Thanks so much!
I love it!!!!!! It's very cute and the pictures are very very very clear!!!!
my daughter is addicted.thanks!
I love this camera. It's really fun and exactly what I expected. I gave it 4 stars because I realized I will not be able to use this camera as much as I would probably like to because the film (to me) is a little on the pricey side. When I do buy it I will definitely buy from Amazon though because you get a better deal over anywhere else I've seen; however, figure about a dollar a picture. It's still definitely worth to buy.
i thought the camera itself would be heavy! its really lightweight and the wrist strap holds really well. im super happy with it! i think its worth the price! photo quality is great too!
My daughter loves the camera.  The initial camera we purchased stopped working without cause.  We were sent a new one expediently.  I highly recommend the square trade warranty.  They were easy to work with and there was no hassle.
Awesome camera! Great quality!
smaller in your hand than i thought, which is great! can't wait to really use it. its adorable!
Delighted with camera, birthday present for my Grandaughter.
My daughter LOVES this camera but is unhappy with the color choice she selected (white).  She would recommend a darker color that would hide scuffs and dirt better!!
Amazing camera, would recommend
I received mine today, and it's so cute! it comes with the little strap and batteries as well, it works perfect fine, I'm in love!!!
I love my instax mini!! this type of film is the best!!! the color is more pink than vintage pink but i still love it!! great product just wish the film wasn't so expensive but would definitely buy this again.
Haven't tried it out as of yet but it sure is cute ! Can't wait ! Comes with batteries as well
produces surprisingly good quality photos. pics are small...very small.
Received it sooner than expected! Super excited to start using it. I'm satisfied with my transaction. Thank you so much! :)
I totally love my fujifilm camera <3
film runs quick and is pricey.. love the camera but film runs too quickly..
loved it!
So cool! Very easy to use. I can't wait to use this for guests at my sisters birthday.
great camera, works perfectly. going to use for my wedding guest book! easy to use.
Love it!
Great products
We purchased this camera for our baby shower to have guests take pictures, paste them into a memory book, and write a message.  For our wedding, we used an instant printer and the quality was just not great so we were diappointed.  With the Instax camera, the quality is excellent and the film is reasonable if purchased in 50 packs.  The time between shots is less than 15 seconds, so our event planners were able to go around and take pictures of all our guests at the party.The only downside was that when pictures were taken in extreme sunlight, the quality looked somewhat washed out.  The built-in flash did better than expected and indoor photos looked perfect.
The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant camera is an awesome way to have some vintage photography fun in a world that seems to have gone completely digital! This camera instantly prints out pictures (about the size of a credit card) using film and runs on two AA batteries as its power source. There is also a built in flash and multiple settings to ensure you get the perfect shot each time. You will not find a more reasonably priced "polaroid"camera today!The Good: Excellent price, Easy setup, LOTS of vintage fun!The Bad: The suggested light setting indicator can sometimes be inaccurate, leading to washed out pictures (you'll figure out which setting works best with practice, so don't rely too much on the suggestions). Also, although the film is relatively cheap, it is still expensive at almost 50 cents a picture.
Just received this for my 8 year old and she loves it! Although, the front plastic lense cover fell off. Now pics have a purple spot on them d/t flash. I'm wondering if I can order this pieces or if I need to return it?
fun polaroid camera. outdoor pictures not as colorful and cute as indoor, but perfect for taking indoor pictures of people!
Love this camera. The downside about this camera is that you can't take it in very bright light. For example, at the beach with the sun shining on top of you. You will get a white image cause its so bright outside. Overall, its a must camera.
My granddaughter's Christmas gift, so can't tell how it works, if it works, etc.  It is just what she asked for and I am hoping she will love it.
A good, fast camera.  Wish that the pictures were a little larger like the old Poleroids but can put them through a machine probably and enlarge them.  Good when you  need an instant moment in time.
the camera was perfect and the delivery was right on time. AMAZING!
LOVE! Easy to work, easy to figure out. Prints the cutest pictures. Bought it for my 9 year old and she is a pro already.
Awesome Gift for my fiance pictures come out amazing, great buy.
I got the yellow one, and i love it. Use it a lot!
It was purchased for a 12 year old granddaughter. She loves it. Finds it easy to use. Loves the color. Really nice photos too.
The camera is easy to use with different themes to pick from.
I bought this as a gift for my husband's teenage cousin. She's in love with it.
it was for my Granddaughter. She loved her camera and it arrived  within a day. It was great as she needed it for an event and it came in time.
I love this camera! it takes great pictures and comes in the original box with instructions and everything! I got expedited shipping, and it came amazingly fast! I assure you, getting better shipping is worth it all! completely recomend to anyone looking for a great product!
A+
I LOVE this camera. It's cute and I love the instant pictures! Works and looks great.
excellent camera. Takes great photos. My daughter loves it. The pictures are a great size for collages or just carrying in your wallet
love love love love!!!! so cute and great, thanks!
I like it, it's fun!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Its more red when it comes tho
Camera was exactly as described.  Purchased as a gift for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it.
Too pricey and pictures too small  :(
This little camera is so much fun. I used it to take pictures of my grandkids when I went on vacation to see them and then created memory books for all five of them that they could keep after we left. They love their memory books so much and look at them every day. The only problem I had was the pictures taken outside and bright light didn't turn out but the pictures taken inside were fabulous. It's a little pricey picture cost about a buck apiece but it was worth it in the end and I'm glad I bought it.
Birthday gift for a 12 year old girl and she was so happy. Suggest buying more than a 5 pack of instant film....you will need it if you're 12.
Prints high-quality, vintage-style pictures in a flash! Way better than the original. I could not be more pleasedâ€‹ with my Instax Mini 8!
Amazing little camare i love it for the first  time :)
Bought this for my son's 3rd birthday party, as part of a photo booth - the kids and adults loved it! Took a bit to get used to how it worked but was fairly easy to figure out. Kids were even using it, and loved that the pictures came out "right away".The white is very modern looking, and the film was easy to figure out and load - overall this was a good purchase, and a fun one too!
Normally when one makes a purchase like mine, buying a camera, you would also get at least one film cartridge, right? Well I didn't. There was no mention of not having one sent with the camera. I looked hard and re read the discrimination. So I assumed it came with one. Well it didn't. The camera is a bit pricey. I had to go to the other side of town to find the film. I like the camera, but not what I had to go through to complete it.
This is a very cool color. I love it and it is compact and takes great pictures.
Within 2 months it broke, I dont know what happened but the camera stopped producing the pictures.  The film is stuck. Such a bummer.
We love this camara. We use it for parties to give photos to friends as they leave. The film is expensive and or hard to find if you forgot to order online. Only one little specialty shop carries the film. So we just stock up.... ;)
The product is so cute and everything is perfect as it described. Thank you so much
Purchased for our wedding and it was great.
I love this camera quite low price. Tip. I need to put the setting for the light one setting higher than the real light other wise my pics are over exposed. (example I put on full sun when have slightly overcast)
I love itâ¤ï¸
so fun!
Worked great for a wedding. When signed the guest book we took a picture to go with it.
The photos don't come out as clear as you would expect.  Older poloroids had better quality.  I expected better for the price!
As soon as I received the camera I opened it right away and noticed a scratch on the inside of the lens. The pictures still come out good but it bugs me knowing it's there.
Good
Everything was perfect!
Super neat!
My new husband was very impressed with this camera. We purchased it for out guest to take pictures. It was a big success.
The flash did not work. We ruined part of a package of pricy film trying.
It looks great! Brand new, photos look amazing, they develop within seconds of taking the picture! I can't wait to use it more :)
It's so cute, and I love that it doesn't have to be charged or anything like that... all it needs is film. I got this adorable camera and decorative camera sticker to go on it, and I'm always taking pictures with it. I'm super happy with this purchase.
Awesome little camera! Love it.
It takes very nice and good quality pictures, but it sometimes breaks down on me and I end up wasting about 4 films.
No it does not come with a selfie mirror but its still a really cute unique color!! I haven't seen anyone with the same color and i love it!
I am very happy with this camera! The product arrived quickly, in complete packaging including directions in many languages. The included strap is woven yellow fabric. The camera works perfectly, taking small photos with a limited range flash. It is ideal for candid shots of friends at a party, or still life photos. It takes practice to use the flash well, but every photo has charm.
i like i
AWESOME
I looove it 
My family's over the moon when I purchase this camera ON MY OWN. They didn't know that I have enough gift card to buy it. My family love polaroid, but in Indonesia, this camera cost us arms and legs. We basically couldn't afford it. So yeah, I love it. The camera came out new, no problem at all, as I expected. Work perfectly well and trust me, I will not lie. So yeah, if you're planning to buy this camera, just buy it already. It's worth it.
good item
Good!
My daughter was so excited to receive this and after a few months it no longer works! The settings don't work nor does the flash which makes it completely useless. Should have bought the Polaroid and not this version
Love it. I bought this to document the planning of my vintage wedding. I can't wait to use with my bridesmaids. Works great so far!
Great!  A fun camera with quirky retro pictures.  :-)
Thank you
It's great!!
Waste of money...fuuu
I really do love this camera. We used it for our wedding as our guestbook. Worked perfectly! The downside is that if you try to use it in the sun (or on a super sunny day) the pics come out totally white. At least for me they did, even when you cover the flash or adjust the lighting setting. Still a great camera and love using it even now!
I can not say enough how much I love this camera! Obviously be careful with it and it will last. Takes wonderful photos, great for every occasion. My younger sister was so fascinated by the concept she now wants her own.
Absolutely perfect!
Just received this product today and I have to say I am so satisfied with this product. It is so simple to use, just pop in the film (film is not included but batteries are) turn it on, set dial to the lighted setting and snap a photo (flash is always on).  The pictures come out very nice and take about 10 minutes to fully develop. The camera came with a strap (polka dot one which I am not fond of) and directions with pictures only which was a little confusing. Overall it's great and so fun.
THANK YOU
Really like the camera and how easy it is to use
Nice mini pictures.
This is the single best investment I've ever made in my life. The camera and film are well worth the money!! I have a cousin who is a professional AP photographer, and he's obsessed with his Fujifilm Instax too.I never leave home without it. I take it to bars, baseball games, vacation. Everyone laughs when they first see it, and then will not stop using it; I have to pry it away from people. It's a great conversation piece, and a great way to make friends and meet people, especially if you're an introvert like me. Heads up: Polaroids are also a great way to get free drinks from bartenders!Amazon is the cheapest place I've found for anything from Fujifilm. I know this is a bad comparison, but Urban Outfitters is selling this same camera for $100 minus tax and shipping. I didn't even check to see how much they're charging for film.
Was very disappointed. The button you use to take a picture broke and for some reason every time you would take a picture, it would come out completely black. I ended up just throwing it away and buying one at Walmart very disappointed waist of money.
There's a bit of cognitive adjustment for someone used to using a digital camera, but once you get over that, this camera is very easy to use and very fun. Be sure to pay attention to the light dial suggesting which exposure to use-- with the ten sheets film pack, a few mistakes will burn through your whole roll pretty quick, so it's important to use the right exposure.
color is adorbs! works well even after dropping in a low surf at beach!
Love! Film is expensive though.
My kids absolutely adore these cameras!! The are so easy to use and they take super cute photos. This yellow one has amazing color that does not fade. Love this!
My daughter loved it!
My bestfriend got one and I wanted one so bad I love it thanks!!!
White gets a little grimy at time but I've had it for about 10 months and it works wonderfully. Easy to use and carry around!
This little camera is so much fun and my daughter has absolutely loved using it. It takes decent pictures, is quick, and easy to operate. Lots of fun to have with this!
My mom bought this for me for my birthday and I love it! It takes great pictures and it is basically the talk of a party. Film is kind of expensive but it is reasonable. Love it!
I love this camera! For the price, its great! However, if you are looking for a camera with more features, you should probably research the more expensive ones. I like the size and weight of this camera, its substantial while still easy to carry around in your bag without being too heavy or take up too much space. So far Ive only taken two photos with it, and I am still playing around with the different light settings, but I already know i'll be taking this everywhere with me!
The lighting might be tough to dial in. I've had a few that were too dark and one that was too light, but it's a super fun little camera.
Super fun! Take it every where!
Cute....no selfie mirror though
Excelente!
such a great, fun camera.  I love the the pics it produces.  Such a great camera to bring to a party and hand out the pics
The color of the camera was a bit darker then the picture but I love it! Still trying to figure out which settings work best in the lighting. Love having pictures instantly!
As advertised.  Great camera, arrived on time.
It's awesome
Really cute camera.
This is the best camera I have ever had. So easy to use, I love the instant pictures. Fun to share with friends. Love it.
Nice!!!
Love the little pics my daughter takes with this camera.  Great buy!
Novelty camera, photos are small and washed out. Don,t waste your money
Love the camera! Looks and works great!
This camera right out of the box was amazing! Ease of use gets an A++ and quality as well. The photos come out looking great.As for light control, there's a dial on the lens that allows you to adjust the shutter speed to current light, "Indoors, Cloudy, Partly Cloudy, Sunny, Hi Key".Although not your larger, "classic", size photo,  this is quite the camera for capturing memories in a way that doesn't just pass you by like our thousands of photos on our phones.. I highly recommend this product to people looking to capture special events. Used it for our first child's Baby Shower and everyone was able to take a photo home for the memory. Very nice experience for all!
My daughter loved it!! So happy with it
I bought this camera as a birthday gift for my sister. She absolutely loved it! In the digital age where everything is online she was so excited to have instant "old school" pictures.
Absolutely LOVE this thing. It's so cute and compact and easy to use. I've already gone through most of the film I've bought. I'm going to use this for a guest book at my wedding, so people can include a picture in there "words of advice".
Takes a bit of trial and error adjusting the setting, and maybe a few film sacrifices. Other than that great camera.
Wow! I bought this camera for my daughter's 11th birthday.  She already has a digital camera, and a phone.  But this "new" technology of instant camera prints blew her mind.  She declared it the most awesome gift she's ever received.  I never had a polaroid growing up, and I was thrilled with how easy it is to use, how lightweight and intuitive the camera is, and how cool the photos turn out.  My daughter likes the "retro" look of the prints.  I am very happy with this purchase.
Gave 4 stars because I think the camera is awesome, but the color is not Raspberry it's more like a dull coral.  My daughter wanted a bright pink color and saw this and was like no I don't want that color.  So just know that the color is not a bright pink before you buy it, the color on the box is Raspberry but the camera is not.  I returned and am going with a different color
Bought for 17 year old daughter birthday. She loves it. Picture quality is great.
Had the camera for exactly 6 months and 5 days. Just went to turn it on and take some pictures and it wont turn on. Replaced batteries and still nothing. I've tried everything and it appears its just defective. Pretty expensive camera for it to completely stop working after 6 months.
I absolutely love this camera! The reason why I gave it four stars is because it broke a month after I purchased it. I would have to take a picture several times for the camera to actually push the film out. Amazon sent me a new camera, but I wasted so much film due to this.
My daughter loves it!!!
Great camera!
Fun, small camera and takes good pictures.
Amazing camera! Super easy to use love it:) came in great condition
Super cute and fits in regular sized bags which is convienet. Buy extra film cause you're going to want to use this everywhere.
Love this lightweight instant camera. The photos of the camera make the prints seem a little small but they are really the perfect size and the camera is incredibly easy to use. It is turned on by pressing a button near the lens and turned off by pushing the lens itself inward. I will admit that this made me a little wary at first because it makes it seem cheap but I have had no problems with it and have gotten great photos with each shot!
tHE CAMERA LOOKS GREAT BUT MY GRANDAUGHTER HAS NOT USED IT YET.  I THOUGHT FILM FOR THE CAMERA WAS IN THE "BUNDLE" & SHE NEVER SAW IT.  AM I MISTAKEN/?BARBARA K MC CORMICK
Took a minute to get used to......love the old school!
AWESOME CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!! GLAD I PURCHASED IT.  PICTURES ARE GREAT.
Awesome camera! Very fun and easy to use. Film is expensive, but what isn't these days?
My 15 year old loves this camera. The film is very expensive, but it is a very fun camera she uses with her friends.
I am very happy with the product. It serve its purpose quite well: I use it at home for guests, since it is not something very handy to carry around in trips. :-)
I'm in love I just got my Insta mini8 in today early then said to be . good thing just in time for camping I tested it out I have to say looks great  I'm amazed reading some reviews had me skeptic but I'm happy with my choice although the film a little pricey it's worth it !
Love this camera. The price is really good compared to the same exact model at Best Buy.
Works great. Have gone through 4 packs of film and it takes great pictures for the camera.  It's not an expensive high tech piece, so I wasn't expected masterful pics.  The prints come out looking a little "antiqued", but I like that for this type of film. The camera is plastic and feels fake, but again, it's not an expensive high tech piece.  My two year old even took a picture with it "accidentally" and no issues.
Great camera. My daughter loves it!
I really like this. It's very cute and super portable. The camera comes equipped with different shooting modes depending on what the lighting is, and the indicator light will tell you which mode it believes you should be in. This is just a plain point and shoot. There are no fancy settings to let you zoom or anything, you pretty much get what you get with this. It comes with an arm strap which is actually very handy and convenient. However, the film is super pricey. Additionally, I wouldn't change out of the original setting when shooting because everytime I put it on the setting it suggests the picture comes out awful. It's very tricky to figure out how to take a picture only because the circle of focus, isn't what the camera focuses on once you take the picture, so honestly it's a guessing game when taking a picture up close. Pictures taking at a distance are a lot easier to take. Also, if you get too close to a subject, and I mean within like 1.5 feet, the whole picture basically comes out white because the flash is so intense. Also, if you are outside and it is super sunny and you put the mode on the sun, the picture just comes out with a white glow on it, if it is cloudy and the camera suggests you use the cloudy setting, the picture comes out a black hazy blob.However, once you work out the kinks and get to know the camera I think it's very neat and I prefer to use it over my 6plus
Awesome!!!
I just love the camera the pictures that come are excellent
works great
Great camera just that occasionally my pictures do not fully or don't develop
its an awesome camera
Picture quality is not great but it keeps my daughter happy.
Product arrived a day earlier than expected, which was a nice surprise. It was poorly packaged, and I honestly would have expected there would be damage, but luckily there wasn't... The actual camera is pretty awesome and I started using it immediately to check how well it worked. Don't know why people were complaining about the quality of the photos it produces, because mine works great. Obviously it won't be super hi-def quality, but it gives you Polaroid quality that gives it that cool vintage look/feel. I love it! Will be buying lot of film in the near future. :)
the package was good it was all amazing
Love love love this!!! Nice price, great product, easy to use.
Excelent
I absolutely LOVE this camera and the company shipped extremely fast.
It works so well, I love this.
Love it so much!
Love the color, and this camera is a lot of fun for my friends and me.
This was given to my daughter as a Christmas gift and she likes it very much.
Gift, child is happy.
It did not come with a selfie camera, so while it still works as an Instax, I give it one star for lying on its description.
My granddaughter loves it.
Best thing I've bought in a while! I love thus camera!
going to use this for a guest book for my grandmothers 90th birthday. got it today and tried it out... took everything for me to not use all the film :)
Such an awesome camera love it
i love it! perfect size and everything! and the film doesnt cost too much either. i chose the free standard shipping and it took like a week and a few days to come but other than that it is great!
Great camera works well
So cute & fun! We're having a blast capturing memories with this awesome camera!
Camera came in excellent condition. I got a film bundle with the camera, and shot pictures fine. Great camera all around for any occasion. The one thing I wish though is there to have a flash button to turn the flash off, but other then that it is awesome!
Super cute and easy to carry around everywhere with me!
This was one of my best decisions i have ever made. its so cute and the cheepest price on the market. works great and super duper cute! i think everyone should get one. quality is great and a nice fit in the hand. High remarks about this.
Quite easy to use and was a present....
My daughter loves the product. Customer Service and product expectations where met. Love it.
Had some glitches with the ejector for the film but it is overall a really good camera for the price.
So great, purchased this for a 10th birthday. It was a huge hit !
great product
I really liked the camara
So happy with it. It's perfect
It works for what I ordered it for perfectly. I am a real estate investor and I need pictures that I can put on paper with tape and then fax and they are just the right material, not too thick for a fax machine. Not so big they take up too much room. Besides all that it is fun to take pictures and see them instantly. perfect for what I needed.
Picture shows includes film yet received product and no film. Please advise!
Awesome!
Great
4 stars only because i purchased mine through warehouse deals and did not come with batteries and the string was missing that's suppose to attach to cam. i guess thats expected when getting it cheaper. but other than that it works great and pictures come out vintage and credit card size which makes them adorable:) buy it you wont be dissapointed;)
Got this as a present for a friend! She said the pictures may come out dark in too much sunlight
I purchased this item for my 13 year old granddaughter.  She likes it, but has not used it enough to offer meaningful feedback.Delivery was prompt.  I was surprised it was delivered on Sunday.
Great fun for my wife
Love this camera, makes cute business card size pictures.
good
Perfect
BESTTTTTT Love it!!!
Adorable camera!  came with a cute yellow and white polka dot strap.
It came on time & my daughter loves it :)
dank
price is very competitive
Really like this camera. I'm not big into taking pictures (with a real camera or with a phone) but I like the novelty of the tiny pictures this prints out. I took it on a recent trip and loved the moments I was able to capture.  I'm giving it 4 stars because the film cartridges are pricey!
We setup a photo "booth" at the company picnic and took instant photos to give the guests. It was a huge success!  The light meter helped determine the best setting for a well-lit outdoor photo. Guests enjoyed watching their photo develop too!  We took over 60 photos in a matter of hours and everyone was delighted with the results. Using the Instax Mini 8 camera instead of a digital camera ended up being a fantastic idea.The flash is bright. Really bright!  To help diffuse the flash I covered it with a piece of clear contact paper.  It helps when taking close-up portraits. I also dialed down the aperture setting when the subjects wore white and light colors to keep them from being overexposed.  The photo booth portraits came out great!The camera works great.  Film packs are easy to load and the picture counter is large and easy to read.  The lens takes a wider angle picture than you see through the view finder, so take that into consideration when you're framing your subjects.  I wear eyeglasses and found the viewfinder to be a bit small.  A larger viewfinder would improve the photographer's experience.
my granddaughter (13) loves it
My daughter loves it. She can share her pictures instantly with her friends.
I was nervous to buy this for my friend for her birthday... but I made the right decision. She loves it. There is just something so rewarding about getting a picture instantly! It's easy to use, detects which setting you should be on automatically, is super light weight, and prints out the cutest business size pictures with great quality. Love it.
i love it
This camera is an absolute necessity for everyone. This is the third one I've bought! I gift them to people because they are simply a fun and easy way to make and share memories. Pro tip: buy the 6 pack of film because it ends up being the cheapest per box.
Wonderful camera!  Got it for my 10-year-old daughter for her birthday and it's her favorite gift!  Love it!
Awesome
First of all when I received it, in front of those light keep blinking and its wont let me take pictures.. I wait til tomorrow and try again it's work! Very excited and soon disappointed again! No matter where I adjusted the light level. It's not moving! All the I got either it's really dark or very bright! Waste my 10 mini film !
Used this for a wedding guest book alternative and the guests loved it!
Loved it!
The camera works wonderful and it was the best deal I found!
Love this camera. The instant gratification of your pictures being printed instantly is fantastic
Camera came/delivered two days after I ordered it (the day between ordering and delivery was a Sunday too!) in great condition. Instructions came in English and several other languages, along with helpful pictures to show how to operate the camera without much reading required.
I bought this for my 17 year old for her birthday. She loves it! It's retro, but easy to use. The Fugifilm Instax Accessory Bundle Set is a 'Must Have'! It's also easy to get film for.
Takes great pics
Easy to use, instant gratification and lots of fun for teens who want more than posting pics.
absolutely love my Polaroid! easy to use and small enough to carry around! although the Polaroid can easily get scuff marks on. the best way to use the Polaroid is by watching a video on how to use so every picture will come out great!
great camera
Love love love! Can't stop taking pictures!!
SOOOOO CUTE and so much fun.
This camera is so fun, cute and reliable. My daughter has made a scrapbook of all her moments in time since she got this camera. She is 13 and loves it.
Gave this a bday gift and daughter loves it. A bit pricey having to constantly purchase film but it's to be expected. Nice shade of blue and works exactly as it should.
My daughter love it,and I do also we took it to a trip and it's so cool to experience instant pic without been able to edit or repeat it 100 times.LOL
Was NOT the color I ordered. I wanted raspberry, received a very dull, red camera instead. Very disappointed
Granddaughter is thrilled, camera works great!
I like it ,but after the first pic it start to shot black (blank) pics.
Really Good Camera, Takes a few minutes to understand how to operate it (i didn't look in the manual) but overall its pretty easy and very light.Takes about 5-10 seconds to the image to Appear on film.
This was a gift, but my friend seems pretty happy with it.
Love everything about it except the sun light switch control  didn't last one use. It switches on its own and won't switch when you turn the lense. I wouldn't even care except it actually effects the picture. I'm not sure if this is a common problem or not. So overall I have to give it one star because it didn't last 2 hours. If it worked then it would be five stars.
cute!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT... CAME SUPER QUICK.....GREAT QUALITY BEST PRICE
Perfect gift, daughter loved it
cool camera. only thing is doesn't come with film. you have to buy it separately
I love bringing this camera when I go to Disney! The pictures come out so good! I recommend taking outdoor shots when the sky is clear for a more "enhanced" shot.
This is absolutely the cutest little camera! It was exactly what I wanted: old school pictures in a modern little package! I absolutely love it! Everyone that has seen me with it wants one too!
Its been a week and i feel the camera is Awesome. We used it as novelty item for our party and all our guests loved it..Buy one for urself and I'm sure your guests will be impressed..
Cute and quaint. A role of film is about 20$.
I purchased this fujifilm camera for my wedding. I had a seating chart in which you wuold take your name and replace it with a picture of yourself. It was a huge success and a hit! I'm so happy to have the printed pictures of my guests and the memories we made taking them. It worked well:)
need to get more. lovely gift.
I love this, I basically wanna take it everywhere. READ HOW TO ADJUST YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL SETTING BEFORE TAKING YOUR PICTURES. If they come out horrible, it's cause you did it wrong.
My daughter enjoys taking pictures.
Replaced the originally item only to find out the replacement is just as bad. The adjustment dial doesn't not change.
I normally don't write reviews but I have to say that this camera is awesome!  I took it with me while taking my daughter to practice so I can test it. I had so many  complements about this camera and the image came out clean. One of the Best purchase I've made.
My daughter love her camera excellent product very nice pictures
Nice instax mini 8 instant film camera! It takes nice pictures instantly!
love the camera! comes with batteries!
I love this camera. It was exactly what I expected it to be but I gave it a 4 because while it was in my bag it must've gotten jostled around enough to mess with the way the lights work. The exposure is fine but the lights indicating what setting is being used doesn't always work. It not like I was being rough with it while it was in my bag either. I would like it to be more durable but I sill love it.
Have had for almost a year and still works like a charm, love it!
Omg thank you it works perfectly it bigger than I thought it would be I love it ðŸ’–
It's great ! I love it . Only wishing the flim were cheaper .
Good
Awesome and got it fast!
It's great I love it!
Love it!
Absolutely love this camera. Works perfectly. Great pictures, easy to use, and amazing price.
works great, but the description of the condition was not very accurate. there is a black speck- a scratch possibly- on the viewfinder and it is incredibly annoying to have to see everytime you want to take a picture. i can deal with the scratches on the outside because theyre superficial, but something that interferes with the actual pictute taking process is highly irritating.
I just absolutely love it omwh
Takes cute little pictures! I am using it for our guestbook at our wedding. Make sure you know that it only prints CREDIT CARD sized photos.
Cute, classy, fairly compact. Love it! Just be careful inserting film
So fun
I love it!
Love it
Great Product!
i love it :3
I am in love with this camera, I've taken only 4 Polaroids and I gotta say I'm happy. It's completely worth every penny â˜ºï¸ I recommend to all those photography lovers!
love it so much!
In love with this camera! So glad that I bought it. If you are debating on if you should buy it or not, I'd say to go ahead and do it! I couldn't be any happier with this purchase. It's cute, takes great pictures, and is the perfect size for on the go. Also, it conveniently comes with the batteries it needs so you don't need to worry about buying some before it arrives. I would recommend this product to anyone!!
Nice camera! Bough it for my daugther she loves it!
My daughter loves this camera and it takes the cutest pictures. Cute, fun, and at a good price on Amazon!
Such a cute little camera! Easy to use and great quality pictures! I only wish they were a little bigger.
Fast Shipping, Everything I thought it would be, Love It.
Love it!!!!
My girlfriend went crazy after I bought her this gift ! She loved it. She always wanted one as a child so I made her dream come true. It's a really neat.
Love it!
Definitely the best thing I've bought in awhile. This camera is not only super easy to use, but the greatest thing to take along when you go on vacations or are just hanging out with friends! Everyone is always so fascinated by it and its great to capture fun memories with. It came just as pictured, and with all the instructions you need. I'd recommend checking out some Youtube tutorials on how to use the camera just in case! But it's super simple to use and to put film in.The camera even turns off if you aren't using it after 5 min. It does come with batteries, which is nice, and they last awhile! <3 It shipped very quickly and arrived in great condition. I'd recommend this product to anyone!
One of the best cameras I have. Takes great photos and brings the 70s back!
This little camera was a gift for my birthday. Once you get the hang of it, it's such a fun party cam! I only use it on special occasions: weddings, parties, travel, things like that. My friends love the pictures - I wish it would print two at a time, since I'm always giving them away :)
Came quickly, works great as promised.
I love mine, thank you
will be fun to use it...
It is an amazing camera the color is actually what it is in the picture. I should also say that if you like taking pictures then this is the camera for you!
Love this camera!
Completely in love with it. Can't  stop using it.
I was really excited about this camera.  The camera is so cute and I thought it would be fun to take snap shots of my 2 year old son for him to cherish later on. It's small enough goes in your purse perfectly, which was another plus for me.Today is the second day I used this camera. It takes good pictures inside.  The photos do have a vintage look to them which I really like. I went to the beach today.  I was so excited to take snap shots of my son on the beach and was so dissapointed when my photos turned out white.  You can see my son but it seems like the photo has been exposed to light and did not come out properly. I will post a picture. I am hoping I can figure out how to take better pictures outdoors. If anyone has any suggestions - please write about it!All in all,  great point and shoot camera.  Not too sure about taking outdoor pictures yet but it's a fun little camera to have around.
Neat, compact remake of the original Polaroid camera.
This product seems like a knock off.  Most of the pictures come out blank in effect It wastes so much film.
I love this camera it takes great pictures. To first start off this review I would like to say that this camera is great its so sleek and pretty skinny and light. The camera looks exactly like the picture. I have dropped this camera before but it was perfectly fine and did`nt get any scratches or anything. From experience always remember to adjust the setting to the one that it suggests (it suggests a setting by lighting up by the setting). Try not to get to close to the camera because i dont if this is just me but when i was too close to the camera i came out very very white. I loved that this came with a cute strap too that matches the camera. I recommend buying a big package of the film because it is very expensive and the more you buy the more money you save. Im not sure but for all of the pictures I have taken so far the flash has been on. Just for when you put in the film box be sure to read the instructions carefully or you will do it wrong and it could mess up the camera. I also recommend getting the color lens. With the color lens on the camera , i think that the picture comes out more cool looking and it looks very tumblry. A great feature on this camera that i love is that it shows you a number which mean how many films you have left. The camera holds ten films at a time. This camera is perfect for creating cute memorys with your friends! The only thing that i would complain about this camera is that the fact that the film for it is so expensive. But i do get why because they are so cute and it prints out write there when you take it. Another thing just make sure you are ready for the picture to be taken because i wouldnt want to waste any of the film. I would totally recommend this as a gift for anyone i love mine! If this review helped you in any way please vote helpful! If you have any questions feel free to ask.
exactly as described and so much fun!
Arrived on time, as described, perfect condition, new with original packaging
I like it alot
Grandaughter loves this.
Cute camera & perfect gift
Even with digital cameras its great to see your picture printed instantly.  Great fun, gave the  camera to my granddaughter for her birthday, she loves it !
Sorry, this product is cheaply made and mine never worked right out of the package.
The camera is bulky, but great for kids! I bought this for my 6 year old daughter and she absolutely LOVES it! The picture quality if surprisingly clear and very easy to use. Highly recommended for any age!
Cute camera, brings back the memories of my old Polaroid camera. Pictures are quite small but great for decoration.
awesome
I purchased this for my wedding shower. HUGE hit! Great price and I LOVE it! :)
Great camera! I know this is just a fad, but it has been fun taking polaroid type pictures again and this camera does a good job at it. Definitely recommend it.
this camera never worked. I got this for my daughter's birthday. It never worked but she tried to work this out so it took a while for her to let me know that this wasn't working. maybe we got defected item but too late to return now. it was total waste of money.
A play-toy; and not even a good play-toy.  I have owned marginally useful instant cameras previously.  I must have been out of my mind to have bought this one.  The slightest movement when snapping the shutter produces a hazy photo, which would be hard to see due to its small size even if it were clear.  I should have sent this back to the seller but didn't.
This is so neat right out of the box me and my daughter started snapping photos! We got a 3 pack of 10 sheets of film in various designs to go with it as well.It's easy to use, fun and a great little party favor to pass out to friends. Love this pink soft shell also.
Super cute & easy to understand! I would definitely recommend purchasing a case for it! :)
Perfect for summer
Came quickly, perfect quality. Love it
Arrived on time and as purchased, daughter loves it!
ok
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas!!! Shipped fast and she loved it!!
Used it for a kids birthday party to provide cute pictures as little take home gifts.  All the kids and parents loved tge pictures.  In this day of digital cameras, people are very pleased to actually be able to hold a printed picture bc so few of us make the effort to print our pictures. I loved the quality and the nostalgia. Really pleased with it.
I have a DSLR, but I wanted to try the Instax cameras out for when I go on vacation to certain locations. I already have the Instax Wide which I adore, but I wanted something smaller that was easier to carry around. While I love how lightweight and small this Instax Mini 8 is, I wish it worked better in direct sunlight. I recently went down the shore and when I tried to use the camera (on the brightest sun setting) to take pictures of the sand dunes, the pictures came out WAY overexposed. It made me waste about 4 films out of 10. The only time it worked was if I was taking a photo of someone DIRECTLY in front of me. I'm hoping it doesn't crap out on me while in Disney next month, or I'll probably have to return it. Would definitely recommend to anyone who likes just taking photos for fun! :)
I love it!!
Exactly what I was looking for, and this is MUCH cheaper than I would have paid at Urban Outfitters or any other store!! The pictures come out great (once you learn how to use the flash, that is) and I love the pale yellow shade. Love it!
I love it!
Bought this for my sister and she absolutely loves it!
awesome camera really really really reccomend it if your into instant photos! shipped in 2 days came really fast & packaged nicely i love this product . 5 stars!!
Got this for my daughter on her birthday and was able to use it with her friends and they all enjoyed it as part of their party favors...
THIS CAMERA IS TONS OF FUN!!!! we just recently moved and my daughter has definitely gotten a lot of use out of this camera in our new home and also has been a great talking point for making new friends!! Would definitely reccommend
I got the blue one. Very beautiful!
Great, fun camera.  Was a gift for my 11 year old and it has gotten tremendous use and rave reviews.  It is fun for adults to fondly recall our own instant film days.  These pictures are pretty small, about 2x3 inches in size.  Somehow, this does not detract from the shot.  The kids really enjoy the instant gratification.  Parents appreciate the vintage look.  Highly recommend.
Perfect color & easy to use. Takes great pics!
I've been wanting one of these cameras for a long, long time. I've been researching and looking at online videos to find out if it is worth it, and it totally is! I know you may look at the 1 star comments and decide otherwise, but don't do that! It is really fun to use and it is pretty easy to use, I looked up a video on YouTube and learned how to use it and now my pictures come out great! It works perfectly and u should really buy it!
the kid love it . originaly packed
my daughter loves this camera
I love my Instax Fuijifilm camera! I recently went on a trip to Europe and my poloroid pics make for great memories and was so fun and easy to use. Great for all ages and the picture quality is actually pretty decent if set on the correct settings.
Great camera
A cute camera, perfect size and a nice shape for the hand. Sometimes hard to tell how far away you should be, because the viewfinder is more zoomed in than the actual lens. But just a wonderful camera â¤ The wrist strap, however, looks matching in the picture but is actually a darker yellow
It works very well but I put my first pack of film in it and I got 3 pictures out of it and then the rest wouldn't come out so I had to waste almost a completely full pack of film.
I got this for my mother's birthday and she adores it and never misses an opportunity to take a couple of pictures!
Works as described, easy to use but was expecting more. Pictures are ok but there are basically no settings to the camera. There's less tech in this than old polaroid cameras from the 80's. Look through the viewfinder and hope for the best! Too bulky to carry around and not that enough film per cartridge means it has a very limited range of use.
I bought this camera for my daughter and she's in the Navy now and she loves it tells me Dad its an (Old School camera)
So fun!!! Love this adorable camera
If you going to buy a mini  8 instant film buy it here !! worth the price and its a really cool camera I take it to most place and every one always wants a mini picture of them self. I hang up all my mini pictures in a wall in my room it looks cute :)
good! l like ðŸ˜ðŸ˜
Love this camera! Has a very retro feel to it. I wish the pictures printed larger but they are great to put in wallets.
Very cool
I love it... Great price too
It was fast and quick delivery. My daughter loves the camera
I love it
I received the product in a satisfactory manner and before the scheduled time
amazing have used it soon much OBSESSED. so glad I bought it here instead of other places that sell it for $100.
Very good camera. Does everything the advertising says. My daughter loves!
A present for my daughters 11th Bday.  She LOVES it!!!
Love love â¤ï¸
It came two days earlier but... I opened the box and found a black camera. When I ordered a white camera. It worked fine but seriously? I'm fine with black but it could've been a color I hate like yellow or something
This camera is fantastic. Great picture quality, cute color, good texture, comfortable to hold, and it has different settings for different lighting (of which it suggests automatically). It's easy to operate, fun to mess around with, and the pictures make a great addition to the scrapbook I'm working on.
The color is not really raspberry.  I returned it and got a different color
Grandaughter loves this camera
I'mI love with my fujifilm instax
my daughter got this for christmas and its a big hit at my house ...everyone loves it ... totally worth the money ... the film is crazy expensive for it but just buy the bundle packs and they make up for it ... great gift idea
Broght this for my daugther. She love it
Great little camera. Functions exactly as advertised. It has an automatic focus. You can change it, but picture does not turn out as well if you don't. (Indoor, outdoor, the lighting, etc). My daughter and her friends love using their polarid.
Good product
love it
This camera is compact and sturdy. It is really easy to use and I absolutely love it.
Cute camera and very fun!
This camera is a lot of fun. I'm not good about getting pictures printed so this is an easy convenient way to do it. Loading film is easy. The camera is easy to use for even the most gadget-friendly person.Also, the camera itself has gotten me a lot of compliments. People ask me, "Is that really a Polaroid?"Warning: the pictures are small and the pictures don't come out in bright sunlight.
Purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! Just be aware of the setting of the camera before you snap the picture.
My gf loves it. Brings back memories of the old Polaroid cameras.
It's a little hard to get the hang of as other reviewers have said you can easily waste a lot of film with the light meter not always being so accurate. Also even if the film roll seems empty try again to make sure you used it all up, lost 2 photos when I prematurely opened it up. pros: cute design, and love having tactile photo result. cons: learning curve is costly
This works well for my daughter, I'm not highly impressed with the functionality or quality compared to the old Polaroid cameras, but for the money my kid loves it.
Came in perfectly, looks amazing and take fantastic pictures. Thanks!
my 10 year old loves this gift.  be warned though, the film is expensive
I love it but I wish I had ordered a camera case at the same time because the white scratches very easily.
I bought this as a graduation gift and my friend loves it. It works absolutely perfectly and arrived on time. We have little credit card sized pictures everywhere now!
Thank you so much im extremely satisfied .
Great camera works perfect
Picture quality is not what I expected.
It's fun to have a Polaroid type of camera, however, I found the room needs to be quite well-lit. The pictures print out the size of a credit card which is cute but at the same time is kind of too small. Perhaps I'm just used to the camera size my dad had when I was a kid.
My girlfriend loves it. Perfect gift for your lady.
This camera is a whole lot of fun! I bought this because I wanted to have some actual, physical pictures since lately almost everything is digital.  I also liked the old, Polaroid-like quality that this camera produces, and it really does not disappoint! There are many different settings on the camera so that you can get the perfect picture regardless of the setting.  There really is something fun about getting an instant picture in your hand a few minutes after taking it.I am certainly not a professional photographer, but this camera proved to be a great purchase and I have had a lot of fun with it!
This is really cute and fun to just play with.  I haven't used it all day or at a party yet so I have no idea on the battery life.  They refills of film are kind of pricey but this would make a cute gift for a graduate or newly married couple and if your okay with spending 100 bucks on film, fun for a party. The pictures come out just like polaroid's do, so I'm not sure they've improved on color quality.  Picture quality as far as sharpness does look better than some polaroid's I've seen. I'm going to say I like it with four stars instead of loving it just because of the price point on film and the lack of improvement on color.  My first time using it was a little clunky, but I'm someone who like to dive in and see if I can figure out a product before I read the directions. Loading the film was a no brainer but if you aren't tech or camera savvy, take a moment to read the directions before using.
Bought this for my girlfriend everything is great! Only thing please be aware the films are expensive!
I like it  takes awesome pictures
its ok if you are not into quality
Excellent! It arrived earlier then expected and everyone loves my new camera.  Very pretty color and don't expect the selfie mirror, if you read the description it doesn't state selfie mirror so I knew what I will except when arrived.  The picture isn't the same camera I received but read description before purchase. You won't be disappointed, I love it!
I love this camera so much! Such a great purchase!
I LOVE this camera its sooo gorgeous and fun watching the photos develope. The film will be alittle expensive 2 keep up with but its completely worthhhh it if your lookn to have something to capture memories u can hold ! .
Love my camera! The pictures are great and it's a great value. If you want pictures larger than these--buy the bigger, uglier Fujifilm instant camera. I really prefer this smaller, cuter version though!!
The camera doesn't come with film, but it works wonderfully and the film is pretty cheap!
Love my polotid however it arrived after the GUARANTEED  delivery date overall I like the product
Pictures for the product are misleading. The camera DOES NOT come with the selfie mirror, which was the main reason I ordered red color in this. My gf was really disappointed and we found out that most of the people did not get the selfie mirror. This listing should be changed, I feel cheated.
I bought this or my daughter she absolutely loves it!
Worthless junk. Didn't last three months. Don't waste your money !
Good quality pictures on an easy to use camera. Would purchase again.
gave this camera to my sister as a gift, we used it right away and she was very happy with it. It's a bright yellow and worked perfectly.
As a photography fanatic, I'm always looking for new cameras to mess with and have fun with. Lately I've been very obsessed with film cameras and thought I would try this camera. The vintage feel it gives plus the gratification of immediately having the photo is great appeal. I absolutely love this camera! So smooth and has such a nice feel. Can't get enough of it!
Love it! I love the matte black color and the curves kind of remind me of Toothless from how to train your dragon lol Camera came on time, no scratch no imperfections and good packaging! I got my films at Michaels for $15 per 20 films with 40% coupons.
Just like the old Polaroid just better
bought this for my sister and she loves it. just the film is expensive
Great product!
Didn't come with batteries, so we couldn't use it at the party I bought it for.  I should have checked earlier, but batteries would be a good thing to ship with it.
Fun camera for my 13 year old daughter. She loves being able to take pics with friends and pin them onto her corkboard frames in her room.
We have been testing this camera - using up expensive film - and have not been able to achieve a clear photo in any condition. With good lighting we have tried still life and on body shots and every photo continues to be fuzzy.  Really disappointing.
Best thing I've bought on here. I'm very happy with this camera, it is definitely worth it â¤
Very good works perfect my girlfriend loved it. You kinda have to  make sure you aim precisely and a good distance because the viewing glass isn't so accurate other then that this camera takes good pictures. Very fun so we can keep good memories. :)!
I  just received my camera about a day ago and i'm already obsessed with it. I have taken two pictures so far and they both turned out perfect. The camera came very fast and in perfect condition. I am very happy with this purchase, this camera is easy to use and looks very cute. The only complain that I have is that the film is a bit pricey but, it is so worth it.
love this camera. It does exactly what I needed.
Granddaughter (13) LUVS this camera, along with her Go-Pro camera!!!!Shipped Fast; Exactly as Described; Great Value!
everybody loves it!
I absolutely love it!!!!!!!! It's so cute!
I love it. It's so compact and easy to carry. I bring it with me everywhere. It takes good photos!
lo ame!
Favorite thing in the world 
Love this camera this was for my granddaughter she asked for it specifically She loved it I made her take the first pic of me and her little sister so she will always remember who she received it from grandma It worked great
Works very well!! I love it and use it when I go on trips or hang out with friends
Very satisfactory
I love this little camera! It shipped on time and was packaged very carefully.First impression: very classy and cute. Almost looks like a toy.Granted the instructions were in Japanese or Chinese (not sure which one), the pictures really helped me figure out what to do. It's all very easy to set up and works flawlessly. However I should warn you that the pics are smaller than expected and in bright daylight the picture doesn't develop as well but other than that, it's pretty neat. I would recommend buying this if you're like going travelling and wanna take some pocket-sized photos.NB: It's continued to work after 3 pictures (I mention this because some reviews mention how after 3 pics the camera just stops)
broke 2nd week I got it
Great!!!
Great little camera, easy for kids to use, and fun
My daughter loves her new camera and she has PLENTY of film (I bought her 160 pictures for her 16th birthday). She loves to have that instant picture as opposed to the pictures on her phone.
Enjoying this camera.... Super cute small, tiny pics!!
that's sooooo good!
I'm upset because it dident come with film, so ended up spending another 15$, which I could have just bought a Polaroid on here for $80 with the film and Polaroid that way I wouldn't have to wait another week for my film to come. But other then that, it works great and fast shipping! Came in 3 days!
Great stuff
Doesn't work 100% :@
Good
Great camera except film's expensive
CÃ¢mera is awesome.Haters gonna hate!
Works GREAT! Pictures are surprisingly clear and a perfect size for selfies! The film is expensive (about $1.07) per picture, but the camera is excellent for kids because it is fairly durable (so far) and very easy to use.
Super cute and I always get question on what kind of camera it is
Great!
LOVE
I really like the camara but I think it should come with film.
Love it!
My daugthers love her new camera. No issues and quick delivery.
Either we have a defective camera or you literally need the sun to be hitting you. This pictures simply will not show if the sunlight isn't facing you perfectly.
I love the camera it's everything I wanted & it came at a reasonable time!
I love this fun little camera!!
Great product. Simple and easy to use
The coolest camera ever! My favorite amazon purchase. Takes the cutest photos with a vintage feel. I love using it when I go out with friends. It does seem to have some difficulty with reflections on glass and the film is kindof expensive. But the pros definitely outweigh the cons! 100% recommend.
A little big, be sure to buy Pink for a Girl! But very much loved by my Grand-daughter.
I love love love it!!
My sister loves it just wish that it could hold more shots, but other than that it's great and super sturdy for her accidental drops and bumps.
Ordered the film and camera for my wedding, product arrived on time and was exactly what I wanted.
great product..daughter loves it
I was sent the order twice and the selfie mirror was not included both times. Slightly disappointing but wonderful working camera.
Great camera, i bought it for my sister and she loved it
Just like I imagined it. Love it!
Cute cool fun camera
I loved it !
I got the package early in the morning 2 days after ordering and everything works great. I was a bit hesitant to try it out because of some of the review about it not working right or the flash not working but there was no problems for me. I've taken almost 10 pictures already and the photos are processing fast and good, sure the picture isn't High Def. but it's an instant camera and the price is quite low for this type of pictures. I like the vintage look when the photos are done processing.
Great camera
I bought this for my sister's wedding and it is a fun camera to use. I don't see us using it all the time, because the film is rather pricey, but for special occasions, it is great.
Very cute instant camera! It was smaller than I expected but that made it easier to find a bag for it.
This was a great gift but more expensive when compared to ones I saw afterwards in a store.
Best thing ever!!!ðŸ˜ðŸ’–
Almost cancel the order after reading some of the previous reviews.  Glad I didn't...I bought it for my daughter's 10th birthday and she was ecstatic!  Picture quality amazing...
my daughter likes pics are not that great but she seems to like it...
Received it pretty fast, its easy to use, and it's everything I expected it to be :)
I love the color of the camera; it's easy to operate.  I just wish the colors were deeper ~ but it could be my room lighting
Cool camera, I got a few compliments on it- most people were surprised that it was instant film. It's fun as a scrapbook or travel journal camera and the pictures were pretty clear. Minimal settings so you just point and shoot. One of the bad things is there is no timer and taking 'selifes' or close-ups takes some practice because the viewfinder is off from the actual lens. It's a nice little camera as a collection piece or for people who want something fun and simple. As seen in the picture it is an 'off-white' matte color not pure white like the printer paper.
The camera worked really well I wish I had found it earlier.
works great as expected.
the one I bought was new and in good condition, delivered fast and on time, thank you so much..the camera is amazing, it captures precious moments in one instant shot and film. i really really love it! great product!
Great little camera
The camera works well. The viewfinder isn't aligned perfectly so resulting pictures are offset. This instant camera's light settings are a little confusing. However, a nice purchase, overall.
Its a pretty nice camera for special moment. Its not a professional camera. The only bad thing is that there is no automatic exposure option
It was perfect for my daughter.  She is still learning how to change the light settings but very nice.
Very good camera to have it you want your pictures right away.
So fun to use! Good photo quality. I love how every one is unique!
Love it
Good!
Fun and good easy to use camera. Huge hit for a baby shower!!!
Got this for my niece on her 16th bday and she was so happy. Works great and is amazing at catching those special memories you want to cherish forever.
Bought this for my daughters 13th birthday.  She absolutely loves this!
Exactly as described... Quick delivery
Stopped working after two weeks
Love it!
Love it!
Came fast takes great pictures
Good
gf loves it
I have seen these all over Pinterest so I bought one for a family party. It does not come with film you have to buy that separately and it can be a little expensive (I mean who really buys film anymore anyway?). The shipping was pretty quick. I saw the same Camera for about $20 more at Michaels so this was a pretty good deal. When you first get the camera it is a little trial and error. I am so used to using my iphone as a camera that looking through a lens confused me. It has a very small viewer so you have to be careful your finger doesn't cover it. Once you get a hang of it it is pretty fun but it will take you a couple of tries. The whole anticipation is for when the pictures come out. It is so old school and that is half the fun. The picture quality is as best that can be expected for a mini instant camera and the pictures are fairly tiny. The finish of the picture tends to be a little washed out but then again you are not using this camera for high quality photography more like a novelty. The pictures have a little tab at the bottom that that you can use a Sharpie to write messages on.
Bought this for my granddaughter's birthday and she has had so much fun with it..  Now to keep her in film is another story.
It was erevything perfect! Amazing product.
I love it! And it's lighter to hold than I expected
I've been dying to get one and kept on wondering if I should or not. And I'm glad I did! The pictures are really vibrant and crisp. Love it!EDITmmm... REALLY wish I got a different color...the Yellow one was definitely not my first choice. I wanted the Raspberry one, but it wasn't offered at the time I decide to splurge. And of course, they come out and offer that color the week after I got my camera. The thing about the yellow one, is that it scratched a lot. You can usually rub it off, but the small hits against a zipper, other things inside the bad and more, makes the exterior of the camera really ugly and dirty.The camera's still awesome and I love it, so no stars to take away. But the color, ðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘ŽðŸ˜ŸUPDATE 8/16/2016The dial doesn't seem to change the setting anymore.. It's a hit or miss on how the photos will turn out. The film counter's also off and keeps on telling me I have film when I don't, or don't have film when I do. It's very bizarre.
I absoluely love the camera. Thank you for it. It's so beautiful and I use it all the time!!
My daughter loves it!!!
Excellent!
I kept debating on which I should get, the Instax, the Polaroid or the Instax printer for smartphones. It came in today and I'm in love with it. I've only taken 3 photos indoors so far and they came out great. My 8 year old took the photo of our dog and she had no problems using it. I was so happy to see that it takes a few seconds for the photo to develop just like the old ones did. I think the size of the photos are cute and NOT too small. I went with this brand mostly because I wanted the look of the original Polaroid film with the white boarder. Next on my list will be the Instax printer so I can print pictures that are on my phone. Very happy with the product. Going to Lake Winnie tomorrow and can't wait to try the different settings and see how they turn out!
Absolutely love this productIt performs really well in all lighting - just make sure to change the aperture for the different lighting settings you're inIt fits perfectly in my hand and even came with a cute polka dot strap
This camera is so pretty. The photos don't come out absolutely clear so they have a vintage feel. I love it. It is the perfect size.
AMAZING PRODUCTâ™¡â™¡
What a great camera! Takes really cute pictures that are ready to go straight in the wallet or a fun framed look. Loved the quality and the look.
I love this camera! It's perfect if you like to keep it old fashioned! I personally like having pictures displayed on my wall. Still own a great film camera just so I can develop my pictures and have them for memories! Their are cons...the pictures are very small if you'd like them bigger I recommended getting the wide instant camera. The functions I still can not understand because instructions are in Chinese. Lastly, film is very pricey so point and shoot responsibly!!!!Will be purchasing wide instant camera. ðŸ˜Š
love this s***
great camera for instant gratification.  we take lots of pics but they get lost on computers, flash drives, and SDcards.  My daughter asked for this for her 12th birthday and really loves it.  Only complaint I have is the size of the pics.  They are definitely smaller that the ones I remember from my childhood.
LOVE THISSSSSS
I wish the film was a little less expensive but I LOVE THIS CAMERA
It's Great! Just as described and we love it!
ðŸ‘
All was ok, it was that I Bought.I recomend this seller!!
The camera is in perfect quality. The pictures have a beautiful vintage quality to them. I highly recommend!
love, love, love this camera
Got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it! It's a great product.
I love this camera so much, I use it all the time.
This is awesome! It's cute and I'm gonna decorate my room with the pictures I take with it. It's super fun to play with!
This camera works great!I bought mine from Roberts LP and will continue buying whatever I can from them.Sadly my sister wanted the camera so I decided I'm going to try to buy a new one in a different color hopefully they it works the same!
Ships fast and item as described. Not too many options, so very easy to use.
This is so much fun!
I absolutely love it and it was delivered so fast!
I had the mini 7 before and this camera is much lighter. It makes it easier when carrying it in a bag. It's also a bit smaller than the mini 7. The film is the same making it easy as I didn't have to buy new film for this camera. It's a simple camera that anyone can use.
I got the camera on time. I've been using it and it's amazing I love it so much I'm so glad I made the choice of purchasing this camera!
Love It â¤ï¸
I wasn't really sure about getting the camera but I'm glad i did. Everyone in my family loves it. It's great!
My daughter loves it & so does her brother, who wants his own.
In love with this little thing!
What was once outdated, is now again popular. The 16-year-old LOVES this thing. And it takes good pictures!
IN MARCH I ORDERED THE CAMERA AND THE ACCESSORIES FOR MY DAUGTHER'S BD IN JUNE. IT CAME VERY FAST AND WAS HIDDEN AT HOME FOR TWO MONTHS. I COULDN'T WAIT TO SEE IF SHE'S GONNA LIKE IT AND HOW ARE THE PIC. SHE LOVE IT. THE PICTURES ARE VERY CLEAR...A+ A+++BUY IT! WITH THIS PRODUCT AND ITS PRICE EVERYTHING IS A+
Ok, before I buy this product I made sure to read the reviews, but the only bad thing is that they said had no mirror selfie, then contact these sellers (6 to be specified) and no sellers had the product selfie mirror. and the question is that this was limited and only Japanese or Chinese sellers have products that seek time.I'm happy with the color and the product, to be honest I love my instax and not complicate my life! just buy a mirror selfie. ;) #behappy
Really love this!
ordered wrong camera. now to late to return it.
I bought it for my girlfriend and she was very happy. The camera is exactly as illustrated arrived in very good conditions and I bought it with 1-Day Shipping.
Camera is nice shade of red. No mirror selfie, but I bought one anyways. It works like a charm, people love it and so do I.
Love this product! Super cute and fun! It's a nice way to keep memories. You should buy it!!!!
Got this as a Mother's Day gift & I love it so much. Btw you have to buy the film separately as it doesn't come with any but it's only about $1/print so it's cheap!
Takes great pictures, just wish they were a tad larger.
The camera is very cute! Also user friendly! My daughter love's it!!
Purchased for my daughter's birthday. She loved it.
I am a VERY dissatisfied customer.  I purchased a Fuji camera for my daughter.  It was over the warranty provided by Amazon that we used the camera and discovered it did not work correctly. She was unable to take pictures with the camera outside (the pictures came out fine indoors). I sent the camera back to have it replaced or repaired. The camera was returned to me in the same condition and still was not working correctly.  I called Fuji and was told there was nothing else they could do by an employee that did not seem to have any understanding of how the camera operates.  Poor Fuji customer service.
Very good and easy to use it
I LOVE THIS CAMERA! too cute! and makes great memories with friends!! LOVE THIS!!!
Love, love, love it!!!
I love it
Love the camera. Its soo cute and easy to use and easy to take with u (if u bought the case for the camera), also love the film that comes out right after taking the photo. Film not included. Have to buy everything separate from the camera.
Received on time and according to advertised.
My best friend loved it
I got this for my daughter on her birthday and she absolutely loves it. It is so easy and simple. She already has old things like a type writer, record player and more so I knew she would love it!
First day of use I'm already obsessed! The pictures comes out so clear and gives you that old school feel when Polaroids first came out. You will have alot of fun with this and it will not stop.
My wife love this, picture quality is good and it is not very expensive.
Awesome color yellowTrue to toneAwesone revamped camera from the good old original7 year old loves it!
Polaroids are back!  Cool camera fun memories.
As expected.
great product.
This camera is so sleek. I really love the picture quality. It arrived just today, and I purchased it yesterday. I will have updates soon, with pictures to show. I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone looking for a lightweight, high quality instant capturing camera.
Fun, fun, fun, grand kids love it.
good quality a little expensive
Its really works
Takes amazing pictures. Super cute and easy to carry around with you.
Every photo I take comes out as overexposed. I know for a fact it is not because of my own photo taking abilities. I've done a lot of research and think this might be a cheap, knockoff camera from the real brand. I highly suggest spending more money to get it from a reliable source instead of spending less on this one, and wishing you hadn't bought it at all.
great camera. Film is pricey
Kind of a late review for this but I still ABSOLUTELY LOVE this camera. Its so easy to carry around in my bag and the films can be a bit pricey at times but it still remains a good memory to keep. I decorated mine with full of stickers and it was adorable.
It was a gift and it is well loved and enjoyed.
Girlfriend loves this!
I can only say that I love it... Would totally recommend it .
Only reason why I got this color was for the built-in selfie mirror, which this shipped without. Overall, still the great Instax Mini 8, simply disappointing that I was misled.
Received it great price point everything was on point but after getting the camera it was disappointing it wasn't what I expected but that has nothing to do with the seller just the camera itself is not of great quality so it's just itself a prop in my photos
This is my first Polaroid and I love it! It works perfectly! None of my pictures came out overly bright or dark. And it's the easiest thing to use. (I have other cameras). I took it to the bowling alley and the pics look really 70s, it's awesome! Overall, it's a great camera! A little pricey but great buy!
Ok
So much fun!  Bought this camera for my daughter for her 13th birthday and she couldn't be happier!  Easy to carry,  easy to use. She can hardly put it down!
I love this little camera. Super fun to use at parties... a little bulky to travel with though
Ive always wanted one and i just received mine today! I took 3 pictures and all came out with amazing lighting and quality can't wait to use it this summer definitely worth the money.It was packed very safely and came very quickly.I recommend it to anyone.Very happy with my purchase.
My 13 year old loves this camera. Loves to take it with her where ever she goes. Totally a big hit, Can't go wrong buying this!
completely satisfied!
LOVE it! Ordered it for a family vacation in mexico and it was so fun to print out pictures immediately and have that vintage look. Sometimes when there was too much light the picture would over expose and the picture would be ruined :/, it's my fault but just be careful for that! Otherwise, I love it!
Im obsessed with taking pictures now lol. It's a very nice camera to use on the go, and its also too cute not to use ðŸ˜‰.
Super fun little party camera. Definitely a novelty; these are not pics you're going to do much with afterwards.  Flash goes off every time automatically but unless you're super close to your subject,  it comes out way dark.
Love it
Absolutely awesome, took this to Africa, and was so nice to give something like a photo instead of them giving...buy it!!  This woman in Samburu village had never really seen herself..beautiful...she's holding the photo I took with this camera!
I bought this for my daughter's 10 birthday and she loves it! We also got the case to protect it. Fun, fun, fun.
Love, Love this camera! Can't say enough about it. I think it's something everyone should own. They print out the cutest little pictures right away in seconds. Good quality too!
Purchased as gift for 16 year old girl. She's happy with it. It arrived early from China.
This is an awesome camera. Easy to use, and came early!
Works fine.
I think I'm going to love it but have not used yet.  I bought to take on a mission trip to South Sudan so I can put the children's name with the picture.  I need to get more film so I can try it out.  Great color.
Great polaroid camera! Took a lot of pictures with it when I travel around - but sometimes the films get stuck and never comes out. I turned out had to remove the whole pack and all those new films were wasted
Good price but shipping did seem like a long time. Product came safe and sound love my fujifilm :)
This was the life of the party! Im so happy I bought this
Works as intended. Bought for gift for grandson. He loves it.
So cute and amazing! Picture quality comes out well!
The camera produces good quality pictures.
Takes great photos for a instant photo camera. Wish it can hold more film.
I purchased this for my daughter's 12th birthday and she loves it!
Great
Came in just in time and everything came in tact and all the film were all inside as well
The packaging is really cute. It also comes with a safety wrist holder thing, this product is easy to use and pretty user friendly for individuals like me who are amateurs with polaroid cameras. The only con is that when you go outside on a SUNNY/ bright day make sure to turn the light exposure to the "Hi-Key" setting or your pictures will have too much exposure and you'll waste a film. All in all I am very satisfied with it.
I just bought this camera for my daughter to take to college and she absolutely loves it! Her first attempt at using the camera did not turn out well as she tried to take a picture of herself in the mirror and the flash went off. So far the flash has gone off every time (indoor and outdoor on a cloudy day). I am writing a review simply to advise others to not attempt to take mirror selfies as you will simply be wasting film! Also, I suggest you keep the owners manual and quickly scan the english instructions before using the camera for the first time as they were extremely helpful now and will continue to be helpful in the future.
Love it !
My favorite purchase this summer! So fun and easy to use.
This is super cute and very easy to use! We plan on using it for our guest book for our wedding and I think I will need to label the power button and the shutter button but other than that its very simple. Also the photos come out awesome!
Arrived on time, easy to get started, works perfectly!
So glad that i splurged and got this for myself. I love taking photos of my family and having the picture pop out right away. So much fun.
Cute, fun camera.  Pictures small, tho.
It wasn't all I thought it was. Takes pretty bad photos and doesn't even work properly. Kind of a waste of money when you have a cell phone to take good photos with
Not the best quality pictures but fun to have.
I love my camera ! It's cute and handy ! Very fun to take pictures ! And the picture quality is surprisingly very good ! Would recommend if you want cute Polaroid pictures !
check the pictures!! Although it's a new one, I could only take one good picture before it stopped working!!
Im in love, it was just what I want, Its fun, Its so good for those moments you want to save or give to someone, its really nice and simple to use. I really love my new toy!  the pictures have a perfect size (like a credit card size) and its really nice to open a conversation... hope you like it and enjoy it! (( ohhh the yellow is like a pastel yellow... but it so cute! ))
Film sheets are pretty pricey...
Absolutely love this product!! Such a fun way to capture moments, only down fall is the film is pretty expensive so you really have to use it wisely!
Luv luv luv this camera!! Very happy with purchase and seller. :)
My graham daughter loves it.
Bought for 10 year old and they loved it.  Having a lot of fun snapping pictures.  Pictures are clear and although they are smaller than the original instant cameras it is still fun to get the picture right away and see it develop.  Very happy with the purchase.
12 year old granddaughter loves the camera
My new toy! I brought this with me to my grandaughter's kindergarten graduation. The pictures turn out great. All her friends wanted me to take their pictures. They were thrilled to go home with one!
Bought for my 13-year-old granddaughter for her birthday!  She absolutely loves it.
Love it!! It's so perfect! Thank you so much! I recommend this to everyone who wants something vintage yet with a modern twist. Definitely something worth investing in!
the sitting on the camera doesn't change by itself, when i was in the house the red light shows me that i should use the house for take a pic, when the picture come out it was too bright, when i was outside, the red light still shows that i should use house for take pic, when the pic come out it was too dark. I hate this camera. the light doesn't change every time it came out some ugly pictures.
Bought this for my daughter, she is absolutely in love with it.
Awesome
My wife loves it! The pictures actually look awesome! It has an old school feel like the old Polaroids I have in my photo album. My only advice is to take the photos pretty close as portraits so you can fill the frame. The picture frames are long and narrow. Fun camera though! Have fun!
Received my camera today! I love it lol. I remember I didn't understand why there was even a white camera but it's actually the cutest one to me. It's the real deal too with the correct "instead mini 80" logo. I keep staring at it and it came with a strap which I didn't know was included.
It's a nice cool camera. The only problem I have is that the number on the back is always on zero, so I don't know how much film I have left.
Although this is the color camera I wanted, like everyone else said there is no selfie mirror on it. I'm not too mad because the camera is so awesome, but they need to change the picture here!!!
Love this camera; lots of fun!  Works great, but getting the exposure right can be tricky. I took this on the beach in bright sunlight and took a picture on the lowest exposure setting and the image was over exposed.  As to be expected with instant film cameras, the quality of the photos is poor, but I feel that's part of the fun!  As long as the exposure is correct and you're not too close to the subject, the subject will be in focus.  Great little camera, but don't expect it to produce quality photographs.
Delivered quickly.  Takes great pictures.
I gave it to my friend's kids as a gift. They loved it. It is very easy to use and very cute. I loved pink color.
Great purchase! I love it!!!!!
It's exactly what I ordered and wanted! It's so cute, and so happy to finally have it.
my daughter loves it.
I am very disappointed in the product. First, the picture is so very small. I don't remember reading anywhere in the literature that the size was so tiny. Second, the quality of the picture is indistinct -- no detail, even in close-ups. The light seems right on the setting I used, though. On the plus side -- it is easy to use, although it would be nice to have written instructions along with the pictures.  I would not buy this product again, nor would I recommend it to anyone else.
Granddaughter loves it. Everything was what it advertised.
CUTEST THING I'VE EVER BOUGHT EVER!!!! Working fine!! I wish I could give this 10 stars. Plus, best price. No chance I would've paid 100 dollars at urban outfitters! I love it! Definitely recommend it! Worth every penny
Really happy with this purchase. I've always wanted a instant camera and now I have one. Great for making memories. Came in perfect condition. Don't even think twice about this bc it's amazing.
Exactly the way it was described
I received my camera in perfect condition promptly on the expected delivery date! As long as you make sure not to expose the film after you've installed it and use the recommended setting, this takes pretty good pictures! I like that the photos are clear while still having a retro look. The film is rather expensive, so you wouldn't want to get too snap happy with it but it's great for special occasions, vacations, or being out with friends and family.One thing that could be negative for some buyers is that the camera I received did not come with a "limited edition selfie mirror" as advertised in the description. This could have to do with which seller fulfills your order though. Mine was through Good Luck Bargains. I'm still giving 5 stars though because I chose this camera for the color rather than the mirror. Overall a great purchase that I'm looking forward to using!
I just got this camera about 2 weeks ago and every pic I have taken is either too dark or blown out white. I follow the suggestion on the lighting and they all look terrible! Can someone help?
The best camera! Such a party hit and takes great quality pictures.
Love it
I LOVE this camera!! I've had it for about 2 months now and have taken about 50 pictures. Only 1 came out too dark but I think it had more to do with the sunlight and not the camera though. Great investment for instant memories.
In love!
Great
It's good!!

