Bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loved it!! Polaroid still rocks in this digital age.
no selfie mirror as other reviews mentioned.  I wasn't as disappointed since I read previous reviews but that's still unfair to advertise as such. Overall camera takes good pictures-  still learning the settings as some pictures some out too dark or too light.
really nice camera!!
Bought as a gift for a 15 year old.  Loves it!  No end of fun taking pictures.The camera is very light and sturdier than it appears to be.Have experienced no problems with photo quality.
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she has beyond loved it. It works without a problem and is very easy to use. Overall a great Polaroid camera and I would gladly recommend it!
I love this camera. Strated showing it off and now everyone of y cousins and aunts are buying it. Great to capture memories which are created everyday.
Daughter loved it. The pictures are clear and smaller than the old Polaroids - wallet sized. She had fun getting instant pix of friends at a party.
Works great!
This is one of the most fun cameras I have ever used (and I have used the original polaroids from way back).  The pictures are very small but you can capture a lot on such a small frame.  I get this camera out at family gatherings and give the photos away as people are leaving.  Often when I visit their houses, I see those photos on display up on their refrigerators and bulletin boards!
TOTALLY LOVE THE CAMERA!!! 100% brand new and easy to use. It also came super fast, I got it like 4 days after placed the order. True color just like in the pictures. I recommend this :)))
This camera is small and easy to carry around. I love the pictures that come out! However, remember that this is a mini so the pictures come out smaller than normal Polaroid pictures. I love my camera so far and have had no issues with it!
Hi, I am very unhappy with this seller.The product is OK, it is what you can expect from an instant film camera. But mine looks really old, like it had been stored for 7 years or more, it has some pen marks and it has some dust. When I rotate the focus lens it sounds like it has some dust and is rusty inside, pretty much like having a chicken inside it. Also the box looks like used, it came with some hair strings inside it and finally there is a label over and old label, so it seems like it was reselled. Completely not a new item.
Another thing that I bought for my daughter's 15th birthday, aside from the film being a bit costly she loves it!
the pictures were so much smaller than I was expecting, and for a 'mini' camera, its actually awkward and larger than a digital one
It is a great camera and the color is very very nice. I loved it! It was love at first sight. Don't be fooled by the selfie mirror... it does not come with it , but to be honest I don't think it is needed. This camera is amazing just how it is and I will definitely recommend anyone to buy it. I'm so in love!!!
This little camera is great fun!  It takes clear pictures of people and is perfect for what we need.
Easy to go camera for instant developed pictures.
good product, great price
very good product
My son, in high school LOVES it!
I love the size of it and the colour! It works well in cloudy weather and indoors!
Instant fun
Love It
Awesome!
it was intended as a gift for a child moving up her school career. it was received with great anticipation. I imagine it works well as I have not received any complaints; just salutations and kind words. thank you for making this possible.
this camera is so easy to use and so much fun.  it's nice to have photos print automatically, and write messages on the bottom.100% get it!
So in love. I think it's worth every dollar. I've taken some shots already and they have come out great. It was delivered to my job and so everyone was super excited to take pictures with it and loved it! I'm so pleased!
Just by luck, I've bought the package for the strap mainly. Camera has NO FILM . Seller should have made a note to buyer. Warning. Very Deceptive.
as described
So much fun!!  I love this camera!!
I love it
Sucks ass! It broke down by itself flash stopped working therefore camera is useless.
My 14 year old daughter loves this camera! The instant pictures are a hit at her gatherings! Quality is not great but the kids don't care - they love watching the pictures develop. Just a fun item!
Love love love it. Fits perfectly in my purse arrived quickly and heads up DONT SHAKE THE PHOTO!! That's where the negative reviews for ink running are coming from. Quit that.
My little one love it!
Who would have known that this would make a comeback? I didn't either. I bought it for my girlfriend and she loved it. Her and I both use it whenever we go out with a bunch of friends. It's very convenient when we take a groupie (group selfie). Because of its capability to instantly print out photos, Fujifulm instax film camera made it my to-go camera every time I go out. The sad part is that I never have a copy for myself since everyone always wants a copy. Here is my review after 6 months of usage:Usability: 9/10Plug and playAffordability: 6/10I remember when cameras like these were less than $50 back in the day, the 90's.Convenience: 9/10This camera definitely makes a great gift if you are planning to buy it for a friend, girlfriend, white-elephant or even for nostalgic value. You will definitely have a lot of fun and get noticed.
This camera is awesome! Not only is it perfectly priced, but so is the film (you have to buy this separately). There's a variety of accessories you can get with this camera, such as stickers, cases, selfie-mirrors, the list goes on. This camera came in on-time with my selection of the FREE 2-Day Shipping. The only down side is that most of the writing in the papers that come with the camera are in a language that isn't english. There is a photo description on how to use it and how to put the film into the camera, not to mention that you can take around 100 photos with the same batteries.Overall, this camera is definitely a great product; it's a must have!(I would not recommend this product for children under 10 years of age, due to the price of the camera, and the specifics needed to do to take a photo. Also, the film is cheap, but a child of this age or under may run through the film much faster, and would waste it.)
Makes for a great nostalgic gift. The pictures are small, smaller than a Polaroid used to be but the technology is similar, it's easy to use and makes for a fun gift!It's very Point and Shoot and the pictures look good. Almost like they have an Instagram Filter.
I love it
Bought it as a birthday present, made a great gift and the birthday girl loved it.
Absolutely LOVE IT!!!!
I bought one for me and I love to play with the camera and I bought one as a gift for my friend. She also loved!!
the product is wonderful! it was packaged in a very secure manner. However, I do have one problem with the camera itself. When i change the lighting setting, the light that indicates which mode you are on does not switch. I cannot tell if it is working or not :/
This is a cute camera. I love that it takes a few min and then you have the picture! One thing that I figured out from reading other reviews is that it suggests the setting your in when you turn the camera on by a small orange light however you can choose whatever setting you would like. Its very easy to use and pretty lightweight as well. One down side to bringing this to events and parties is that people are going to want the pictures that you take!
well functioning product
If you are buying it just bc it comes with the selfie mirror or attracted by limited edition, this product is gonna disappoint you! I read the review and I wasn't sure until I receive it. Yea no selfie mirror whatsoever.
I really like it.
My granddaughter loves it,,, perfect for younger kids for sure
Very fun and works well. However film is in my opinion expensive.
Nice and fun for a gift, but not the best way to store memories
i loved loved loved this Polaroid camera so convenient !! i had it for over a year now i gave it to my sister since she loved it too i like the quality of the pictures as well totally want the wider version of this too!!!
Had this for almost a year and got it as a personal bday gift to myself. Honestly the best little machine to carry around and to parties. Blows peoples minds!
It is easy to work. It is so awesome when u r creating a photo book. I love it
It came in really fast I love it!! It also came a week earlier!! All of my friends got them too cause they love taken pictures!!
This was gift for my daughter in law. She loves it. So easy to use. Great quality of pictures.
Great product. I like it. Thumbs up!
Love this camera. No complaints.
Fun little camera! A cute gift idea!
Showed up in time and works great!
Wife loves it for our little ones pics so much fun!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE my Instax Mini.  Great price from Amazon, and I use this camera ALL THE TIME.  So many other people have also fallen in love with my camera and have wanted to purchase their own.  It is honestly one of my all-time favourite purchases <3
Just perfect!!! So cute and useful
Good deal, what I expected, delivered timely.
I absolutely love the camera! So satisfied with the photos I took, it works perfectly.BUT it's NOT as red as it seems. I'd say it's actually PINK. Got really disappointed about that, but overall, Instax Mini 8 is amazing.
My daughter got this 2 years ago, she still takes pictures with it all the time. Great gift for teens!
Really fun and really cute. A little bulky since we have all gotten used to tiny cameras, but it heist we love it.
I wish the color was whiter, it is a slight creamy white color. But it takes great pictures and it is easy to use. :)
Very good product and seller. Trust!
I bought this as a gift for my 8 year old niece. Yes there are a few functions but after an explanation from my sister on how to use it she's using it with ease. There are super cute film packs available for this camera with cute designs my niece liked. It's a nice throwback to Polaroids and the instant gratification of the picture is such a thrill for her (and me!). Awesome little camera.
It got delivered earlier than expected which is always good. It was just how i expected it to be very cute and easy to use.
This camera is really cute. I love it.
absolutely IN LOVE with my new toy :). Easy to use. Great pics. lots of fun.
Great for shots up close. I purchased to use at school for the kids to have pictures right away. The kids love it! The quality of the pictures is about what you expect from a Polaroid. The film can get expensive fast especially if you are used to taking lots of shots on a digital camera.
Too old school.  Pictures are poor quality.
When finally wanted to use the camera realized  it was missing the pictures.
Purchased for my 7 year old son. He absolutely loves it. Great old skool product with modern day technology. Pictures print right away. It's really cool to look at the picture as it develops. Fun and light weight. Seems durable as well. Happy customer.
best purchase ever
My daughters, ages 11 and 13, were so thrilled about this camera.  It takes some practice to shoot these right and unfortunately, the film is pricey, but worth it to get a unique experience.  It is fun and fairly easy.  I got them each one, and they could choose their favorite color which made it more fun.
Surprised that it takes decent photos
Great products.
Item delivered on time, was as described...Excellent!
I love my instax mini!
Awesome product i enjoy taking pictures with some close friends and girlfriend that perfectly fits in your wallet... I'm a person who travels a lot around America (south & north) and these small pictures let me take some owesome moments with me... Also girls feel really attracted to these stuff (they love pictures) xD
Girlfriend loved it! Thanks guys.
excellent purchase.  great birthday present.
My daughter loves this camera, im getting one for my nephew as well!
Great item arrived in time
very good
Perfect. Everything I expected.
Just be careful if you take pictures outside in the summer because your pictures could get over-developed in the heat. Otherwise it's great after you figure it out.
The camera is a lot lighter than I expected which is great because I'll be taking it to Thailand, love how a set of batteries came with it, but I didn't know the film wouldn't come so I'll have to buy that but its a great product! Thank you!
AMAZING! Came in great time, and packaged very well.
my 12yr old grand daughter absolutely loved receiving this camera for her birthday and had so much fun using it at her birthday sleepover party.
This camera is awesome! It's so easy to use and takes great pictures. I love it! The color is spot on. It's just perfect and cute.
Loved it!! Its the perfect gift
Good
love it ! Its definitely worth getting but if you could invest for a intax mini 90, you should get that one instead.I'm overall happy with what I got except I'd like to take photos on a nice sunny day and the film turns out either too bright or completely white because its way to bright outside. I say a good photo would be from a " home" to a " sunny". not the last tab on the view set buttons.it takes really good vintage looking pictures but not on a bright day where the sun is hitting it.
Fun, cute camera! Purchased this for my 12-year-old daughter as a Christmas present as she had placed it on her wish list. Takes fun mini Polaroid pics that remind me of my youth. ;) She loves taking it to sleepovers.
My daughter loves her camera.
Oh my goodness. Where do I start with this camera. I have been looking online for the past three months in search of an Instax Mini 8. I visited Urban Outfitters, seeing that their cameras were over 100 dollars! The same goes for Michael's. Even EBay had expensive cameras ranging (for a new camera) from 80-100 dollars. When I found this camera, the fact that it was only $69 was shocking. I love it so much. All of my expectations that I had been building up from the videos and reviews on it were actually true! I also recommend 100% buying the film on Amazon too, because places other than Amazon are very overpriced, and can be roughly a dollar per picture! I bought a 2 pack for only $16!!! I love this camera and recommend it to anyone who was like me and obsessing over it!P.S.....I have friends that have the blue and yellow ones, and my favorite is the pink(:
Great
My daughter absolutely loves it. She takes photography at school and likes to have different mediums (not just digital phone pics).
i loveeeeeeeee it, its really cute and easy to use
Cute as a gadget camera
I bought 2 of these for my wedding for our Photo Guest book. Took a few trial photos and they look great so far, however I am really into vintage looking pictures so if you are looking for sharp clarity you may want something else. These are so fun though and I love them!
i received this camera yesterday and have been snapping away ever since. The pictures are way better quality than I had expected and the use of the camera itself takes me back to the days of Polaroids! I love this camera and would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable, good quality instant camera.
Grandaughter loved it
My daughter loves this- so fun for her!
Fun color and I got it on sale.  Works great. Younger kids love seeing their picture appear.
Works great and is a lot of fun!
Got it for my daughters birthday and she loved it.
I got this camera for my wife to use as a casual camera. She uses it often and I love the size of the Polaroids. Very neat!
This one doesn't work even thought I have battery . Why???
This camera is a huge hit among everybody. These aren't very common anymore so it's nice to have one. The quality is great, and I personally like that the pictures come out kind of small. Only negative I have is that the film is rather expensive, but it is worth it to have these hard copies instead of all digital.
i will take this with me one trip every time!
Waste of money, unsatisfied  with the quality of photos it takes, the amount of product to be used
I got the wrong camera color. I ordered the white one but got the blue one.
I bought this camera on Monday and received it in 3 days. I've taken a couple of pictures and they've turned out good. You have to get used to setting the brightness adjustment so that your picture isn't too light or too dark. Overall, I'm pleased with my camera and I'm glad that it shipped quick! This is definitely a 5 star product.
I love it! I was fairly suprised that it delivered so quick to my house. I had the batteries on their wrong side so make sure you put them in correctly or else you'll be like me freaking out why it's not working. Took a test run and it was amazing. It's cute, small and has that grunge effect. Overall happy with this product.
Nice camera and takes great pictures
Such a great price! Comes in the original packaging.
Fun for quick moments, not much control over the images.Dropped it once from 3 1/2 feet in the air and it's done for, so the stability of the design is poor.Getting a Neo Classic instead so I can have more control
Fun and easy to use. Takes great pictures
It's fun but beware, if you buy this, you're going to spend lots on film! but it's fun and cute so...that's what makes it popular, instant picture.
Cute & fun camera, perfect for my 8 year old's journal.
Being new to the instax camera, I thought the film I had was expired. The shutter and settings do not work well, and the camera will spit out a blank piece of film. Very upset that once I realized that it was in fact the camera, I could no longer return it.
Cutest camera ever - and takes really good pictures - very easy to use also.
Bought as a gift and my wife loves it! she uses this more than her iphone to take pictures.
I love my new Polaroid! Although not easy to carry around, it is super cute and pictures have turned out great!
Fantastic. I love the pink color. I wish it wouldn't always use the flash. It's difficult to take outdoor pictures during the day without the photo developing weird.
Great little camera. The color is so cute.
was a gift
Granddaughter just got her package and she is so excited to start taking pictures!
Great camera for my daughter, she loves it
I love the camera, but the film tends to be on the more expensive side.
good product
So much fun
I absolutely love this camera. The only reason I did not rate 5 stars is because no film or batteries come included. The other thing was that the camera is over priced. At Walmart, the same camera in white is about $20 less than this one.
I purchased this camera for my daughter for her sixteenth birthday several months ago.  She really likes the camera and it is small enough that she carries it with her everywhere in her purse.  Her friends all love it when she pulls out the camera, takes a photo and moments later has a picture.  It is fun watching them be so impressed with something old that is new again.  She has taken at least 100 pictures and has not had to replace the batteries yet and the quality of the pictures continues to be the same as the first pictures that she had taken.  The downside is that the film is slightly pricey (around $38 for 50 pictures), so keep that in mind when purchasing the camera.  But, it is worth it to me since she enjoys it so much.  It is also fun to see all the pictures that she has taken and she proudly displays many of them on her desk and nightstand.
Perfect
The way that i expect
This is a great camera, shipping was as told and seller sent them asap, it takes pretty lousy pictures and doesn't focus at all. This is definitely a novelty camera and if you want good pictures with polaroid, i would invest in the neo 90 camera. Overall this is very easy and fun to use, and i really love it. I actually think that the pictures come out better and more vintage looking out of focus. I got it in pink, but it got very old, very quick. Even if you like pink, like i do, get black or white to make sure you will always like it.
excellent
Pictures are more vibrant than I ever could have expected as a photographer.
My daughter loves this camera. It's great. Brings back old memories.
Love the camera. Wish it came with batteries included but still great and super cute!
excellent easy to use fun camera
Can't access the other features for example when your outside or it's super bright outside its stuck on the home selection even thought the outdoor selection on the camera is selected the light won't turn on to confirm. So the pictures are just over blown with too much brightness
I love it!!!
Absolutely love it! It takes great pictures but be mindful of the sun whenever outdoors as photos can turn out with too much light.Easy to load the films and even  easier to use. Item arrived one day after the expected delivery date.
Super cute! I cant wait to start taking pictures!
Really good gift for my girlfriend, and receiving it was really quick!!! It was in perfect form and I recomend you buying here!!
Very happy with this product ....
Not what I expected.  Can't do much with it.
Cute
SO CUUTE
MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT!  HAD IT FOR A FEW MONTHS NOW & IT WORKS GREAT.
I bought this model for the selfie mirror, but it did not come with a selfie mirror. The description clearly stated that it was a limited-edition raspberry instax mini 8 with a selfie mirror. It was disappointing but besides that, it is everything I thought it would be. I really enjoy the color of the camera.
Awesome camera! Love how easy it is to use and the various light settings. Used for my wedding day. The Polaroids are much smaller than the traditional Polaroids I grew up with. Overall though, very happy.
great, easy to use, fun for kids.  too expensive tho!
love it
My 12 year old loves her camera.
My daughter loves this cute camera. Only downsides are the credit card sized prints and their ridiculous price.
This was my daughter's big 10th birthday gift...she loves it and so do her friends and their parents. After whipping through the first pack of film (aka wasting it), she has become more responsible with only taking pictures of things that merit taking a picture.
I love it! Ordered it after seeing another friend use it and wanted my own. Really enjoying the retro pics that we get from it and it's fun seeing everything and just nice to have something more than just a digital copy on my phone or tablet. Have taken it on a trip to Italy and around locally and it's great! Just need to get used to the light settings to get the right look on photos...
Photos not consistent:  frequent blank or black photos (more than 50% wasted!!)  Batteries seem to run out very quickly.  Disappointed.  Cute but not recommended  : (
i love it, its fast a bit tiny but overall i love it.
Best camera I've owned.
HECK YA I LOVE IT
You get what you paid for
My daughter loved her camera. Very easy to use.
Love it
It takes really cute pictures, but you need to be very careful with distance, lighting, etc. Also, I had a film jam half way through a pack of film, hope it doesn't happen again.
i bought this as a gift for my 15yr old daughter who loves anything and everything vintage and she has been longing for one of these she was really happy and the product is great just as described.
Cute
My daughter wanted an instant camera for her 19th birthday. After reading reviews I decided to go with this Fuji. Really, really cute ! The soft pink color gives it a nostalgic feel. The size of the developed picture is like a credit card. She loved it!
My granddaughter love her new camera. The service was great.
Picture quality is terrible. Waste of money
Pictures are greenish and either very dark or greenish . I saw and used this camera at a wedding and there was no trouble with the quality of the pics. Disappointed . The camera is easy to use, which is great.
my girlfriend simply loved it!
The camera only worked for 1 week and then it no longer worked. I changed the batteries and film after the first roll was used and still nothing. Good thing I purchased a warranty for this camera. Also beware because this camera does not come with a serial number or a model number.
I, like many others according to the reviews, received the Instamax Mini 8 in raspberry that does not have a selfie mirror. When I decided between options, I also chose it because it was a unique color and also for the selfie mirror since that was the added bonus. Disappointed the product I received did not have that option as advertised.That being said, it's a fun, instant camera. Throw in the batteries that were included and a pack of film and fun will ensue. Overall, fun, inexpensive instant camera. Much better deal buying through Amazon than through outlets like Urban Outfitters, in every color.
Fujifilm has brought back the nostalgia of having instant photos at your fingertips. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera is light-weight and affordable compared to other instant film cameras. Polaroids in general have returned to the market with the pop culture movement for instant photos, however Polaroid cameras and the film are far from affordable. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera provides all the fun and nostalgia of a Polaroid, but at a fraction of the cost. I have used three sleeves of film and have not experienced any problems with the camera itself. It is ergonomic and because it suggests which setting to use based on lighting, it makes photography fun for the little ones as well! While I tend to protect all photography equipment, this camera does tend to scratch due to the plastic body, but the camera function and mechanisms are unscathed. I searched several sites and did a lot of research before deciding on purchasing from this Amazon seller. The product was shipped quickly and was well protected from the negligence of deliverymen. I would purchase from this seller again, and I recommend the Fujifilm Instax 8 Mini Instant Film Camera to all photography novices and instant film enthusiasts.
Such a beautiful camera, loved the color, loved the photos but i must say that no all of the photos get revealed, some of them stay white idk why.
We loved it .. I used it  for my son birthday party, and it was a blast. We had a photo booth and mini camera was perfect for that and the picture we gave them away..
Absolutely the cutest camera ever! It was a present for my daughter and she absolutely LOVES it. Easy to use and takes great Polaroid style pics.
My daughter loves it
Was a gift and far as I know she loved it.
Great fun and for keepsake photos. Got this and the film for my daughter's bridal shower and bachelorette party. Would recommend
Easy to use, good quality and a lot of fun, brought back a lot of memories from old Polaroid
Great  product !!! It takes good picture and cute looking... Using this to my baby... Taking pictures monthly and posting it in his walls
Came in early. The package is great. The color baby blue is beautiful.
love it! Sure the pictures aren't PERFECT or focused well but if you're a fan of old school pics, this is exactly what you get! Having fun taking pictures while sharing them with family and friends. It's just something about how the picture comes out that gives you a warm feeling. I also recall that many people suggest to angle the camera in a certain way so it can be centered but so far my view lens is pretty accurate every time. Not sure if this is a newer model?
it's super cute! easy to use! totally worth it!
WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT THIS CAMERA!? It is simple A-MA-ZING! I love it! Super easy to use, very cute, light weighted!
This cameras is excellent. It's great for art projects, which is exactly why I purchased it. It'll also make for great lasting memories. Although it's probably easier and faster to snap photos with your phone it still isn't as fun and cool as having small instant photos to carry around. It's definitely an attention grabber, but better yet a conversation starter. I highly recommend it to anybody looking for a camera out of the ordinary and fun. You can also purchase the film relatively cheap on Amazon, which I suggest buying in bulk as it's more economical and you'll run through a roll pretty quick.
I loved the camera. It was a present for my younger sister takes great pictures. Its a cute gift, very thoughtful and creative.
My daughter loves it, but the quality of the photos isn't great
bought for my daughter as a gift....she loved it!!
Bought this for my 12 year old daughter. She adores it! Very simple to use.
This camera is great.  Love being able to get pictures right when I take them.  Kids love this camera.
Loved
Came in less then a week! I'm already very satisfied with my camera! Works great!
This little gadget is great for fun nights with friends thank you.
Although the film is extremely expensive, it was totally worth it! The pictures come out so clear and vibrant!
Good camera to play and take funny pictures. But dont expect great images from it.
I love it!!!! Takes me back in time
I got everything I ordered just when I was supposed to! 2 day shipping worked great and nothing came broken or defected. Love it.
ive had this thing for less than a month, and it shattered into about 10 pieces, after being dropped about six inches off of the ground, i regretibly did not get the spills and drops protection, but I also cant find any repair parts online, the bulb shattered, and many pieces of the lens came apart. waste of 80 dollars.
Awesome
My daughter loved this when she first got it.  Like all things, it's in the closet now among the dust and shadows.  Good thing maybe because the film was so expensive.  Good for parties to take pictures and let the guests take the photos home right away.
This is one of my most favorite purchases that I've made in a LONG time... I just took my first couple of photos and they turned out absolutely amazing and I am in love with this camera! It takes amazing pictures and they are so cute I cannot wait to start collecting more and more photos to use in scrapbooks, home decor, and little photo albums. Super happy! <3
These are so fun. I love it!
Love it!❤
My daughter loves this.
Works perfectly! I love it so much!
Good!
I was very disappointed when I received this item.
Its perfect, its portable and just amazing
It works really well it was a big hit at the party
LOVE IT! Took it to a weddnig and got tons of compliments on it. People were asking about it and where I got it from. Even better I got it a day before I was expecting to. So happy I made this purchase!
Came sooner than expected and it works fantastically.  I love this camera so much.
sooo cute. i decorated mine with puffy molang stickers :)
Takes great photos
Gift for our daughter she loves her camera.
My camera ceased working and pulling film thorough, although in the box it claims there is a one year warranty the company claims my product is outside of claiming its damage. That is absurd, why offer a one year manufacturer warranty under that case?? So unprofessional.
Great gift for a 13 year old girl!  She loves it!  I believe her mom said that she squealed when she opened up her gift.  I am very happy and she is too.
Love my instax camera. It's easy to use and love the photos it takes. Great for parties and scrapbooking.
I loved all of these products
good deal and works well
BE WARNED: If you use this outside you have to cover the flash, and even that only works in overcast conditions. I used in the daytime and covered the flash, set it to the daylight setting, and my photos were just white (meaning way overexposed). :(
I ordered the polaroid camera thinking that it would come as described and it didn't. It was missing the selfie mirror that was supposed to make it worth its price and its limited edition claim. The seller lied about the product that they were selling.
Nice
On time and great thanks
Works great!  We will be using this for a wedding to take a picture of all of the guests for the bride and groom to have instead of a sign in book!  We tried it out first and it worked perfectly!
Not the best, at least not for the money . The film is incredibly expensive so, it's more of a investment in the long run than now.
Love love love! Great way to make a photo album for my child when she gets bigger! Small cute Polaroids ;) worth the money!
Fun camera but not always great prints.  I'm still learning to use it though. Great shipping and got it when they said I would.
It's  perfect.
My best friend used her blue camera with me and it was fun, so I just had to buy a pink one for myself!  It came with the wrist strap and it's easy to use. Takes great photos indoors and outdoors!  The price is worth it because I've seen it in stores for over $100.  And I received this quicker than expected, right before my birthday.  :)  It is perfect in every way. Highly recommend this purchase.
My daughter loves it. It's easy to use and looks good too
It's so cute. Too bad it doesn't come with film
Love my camera ... Easy to use, perfect for capturing any moment worth remembering. Very cute color... Overall a great product
Excellent product!
Nice
Really a cute camera! I use it in my daily life when hang out with my friends.
It came it late which was super upsetting but I love it. It was in great condition and looked lovely
so happy with my purchase! :)
Awesomee!! Love it the camera!!
I am very concerned about the moisture in the box...It wasn't raining or anything it as just there (just kidding it's a awesome camera)
All the pictures come out dark. No instructions on how to change or fix that. Info it comes with doesn't tell you about the features.
MY FAVORITE!
In a world...of digital cameras, sometimes total retro-analog-only one is a nice balance.  I loved the instant cameras growing up. The last one I got some years ago went "away" when no film was available. It only did stickers but they were such fun to add in mail, in art, etc. These seem to be used by a lot of young girls and for weddings but the minute I show these to fellow artists they run out and get one. I adore mine. I justified it by wanting to do an art install.  So okay, I'll get around to it sooner or later.  Meanwhile I'm having fun.
recieved item was broken it was my daughters bday gift and she was so disapppointed..
My daughter loves this machine. Product name is excellent great purchase
I'm happy with it, thx!!
This is probably my favorite investment this year. My boyfriend and I bought this as something fun to do while we traveled to Asheville, NC. Not only did we love taking photos for ourselves, but we also loved seeing the surprise and joy on people's faces when we offered to take an instant photo of them. It was a great way to document our trip and start conversations with locals. Now my boyfriend and I take the camera everywhere. The quality of the photos is amazing for what it is. It just takes a while to figure out the appropriate light settings above the lens. Word of wisdom - DO NOT "shake it like a polaroid" - it is so tempting, I know...
My kid loves this camara
ok
We love this camera! The prints are smaller than the old fashion Polaroid pictures, but they come out very clear. It's easy to operate and is a hit at all our gatherings!
I bought this camera in yellow because yellow is probably the silliest color you could get it in.  It looks like a child's toy camera, the kind that is designed to be chunky so that a child's stupid little hands could grab ahold of it and take a poorly composed photograph of an annoyed cat.  This is my level of skill when it comes to photography so it's pretty much right for me.  The pictures come out pretty well as long as you've got the correct light setting picked out, which is pretty simple to do.  Get this if you're just in it to have fun at parties with a dumb camera, not if you're some serious artist trying to make a statement.
Worked for 10 pics (one film pack) then quit. Don't waste your money.
Cute camera
Absolutely love this camera! I bought it for my lady and it's exactly what she wanted as far as an instant print camera goes (:
I love it! Got here pretty quick too!
just love this little camera comes in handy for those times you just need a picture now so easy to use and perfect for my scrapbooking
excellent
I felt in love with this camera. Is a little big but I like the pictures it takes. They have the vintage look. Very easy to set up and use.
My 12 yr old daughter loves her camera.. Got 2 from family she keeps one in her back pack.. already started an album of pics...
My daughter said this is a fun camera. Who knew that old fashion film like a poloroid would make a comeback
Perfect!!! Very simple to use and extremely cute
My wife has fallen in love with this camera. She takes client pictures and this helps keep it fun and light. The instant gradification factor is the big upside here. The picture are clear and the different boarders add variety to the film packs. On time shipping and great packaging too.
Great camera. Love the size of the pictures and the ability to have them right away.
Bought it for my niece and she loves it!  Nice price not pics.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the film is pricey.  Nevertheless it's perfect for a teenager.
I purchased this camera for my fiancé and she instantly fell in love with it!
Very good my sister loved and works like a charm thank you
Exactly as stated. Fast Delivery!
the quality was very impressive.  i love it.  my bar standards are very high. i hardly ever give a 5 star.  so a 4 star from me means the product is great.
The camera doesnt even work i tried taking a picture of myself with brand new film and the picture is just black and i cant believe i paid 70 dlls for this
I bought this camera and it worked great the first time... But after that, the flash never went off, so unless you were outside on a really bright day, all of the pictures would turn out black. I wasted a ton of expensive film that didn't turn out. It was a bummer.  So I had to return it and get a new one. Hopefully it works better than the first one!
It is great
Obsessed with this camera, great price and so much fun to use
Daughter loves it, takes nice pictures and film is not too expensive.
bought for my teenage daughter.  so far she loves it. i wish the film were cheaper but that is the only con.  works great.
I'm very disappointed when I received this... I bought this camera because of its cute color and the selfie mirror. But I got another one without the mirror which is different from the description and the pictures from the site...
Exactly as expected. Great quality. Would buy again! Wonderful color
Great!! Got it used but can't tell! The box was ripped but the camera looked brand new. I've been using it for 8 months now and it works perfectly! Would highly recommend. All my friends love it too.
Great camera. Good quality pictures. Loved it
I bought this for myself along with a 20 pack of film and a case. Camera takes adorable credit card photos with good but vintage looking quality. Make sure to read all the instrunctions first, oh and it came withing TWO DAYS.
Love it
Packaging wasn't in English but it's all pretty much self explanatory! Everything else was perfect:)Film not included.
Nice
This is an awesome camera.  It's so fun to take out and about - NO ONE prints photos anymore.  Guessing it's becoming more and more popular because I'm seeing the price of film increasing tremendously.  So will probably look for another film option, if there is one.  But definitely a good time!!
In love!
very cute and my 11 year old daughter loves it and so do I
perfection
I used the camera on my wedding to create a Photobook, everyone love it! The size and weight is perfect, you can carry the camera easilyEven when we used the camera during night, the flash and pics quality is good, was a great surprise.The only thing is, the viewfinder its a bit small, so you need to get use to it.
Love it!!
great
really nice case for the money
Love my camera I've had it for months and it's still just as amazing as when I got it.
Love this camera! It was a huge hit at my daughters birthday party
Nice!
I bought this camera almost a year ago, and I have had so much fun with it! I've taken it with me on little vacations and to Disneyland. I really like the size, it fits in most of my bags. It is pretty durable, I've dropped it two or three times, and it still works the same. The color is true to the picture, and it's really easy to clean. There is a bit of a learning curve, so don't expect your first roll to all come out perfect. Film can be pricey, so buy in bulk, maybe the 50 pack? Wouldn't buy the 100 pack, because the film does expire. Don't buy the film from urban outfitters, it's a total rip-off. Everyone who sees is totally smitten with it, as am I. It's nice to have photos to actually hold on to, instead of just a quick snap on your phone that you never look at again.Pros: durable, lightweight, so much fun!Cons: Having to really value your film, like not taking a shot of literally everything, and trying not to give them away (it's hard, people love these things!)
This is one of my favorite things I defiantly recommend this camera mine has held up beautifully. Just make sure you do your research on it before you buy it because some people don't know how expensive the film is and/or don't know how to handle it (which isn't very hard if you watch a tutorial) and end up ruining their film.
The pictures turned out great and the camera is very easy to use.
Replacing the films get expensive
Awesome device and a great gift.
Bueno
LOVE THEM! SO CUTE!
Amazing
My daughter loves it!
Let my kid talk me into ordering this for her. (Apparently Taylor Swift has one, yadda, yadda.)What an absolute waste of money. The photos are so small that I can fit 3 of them across the face of my iPhone 5. Guessing they are 1.5 x 2 inches. Really guys? Any smaller and it should be sold with a magnifying glass.This is definitely one of those "fad-for-a-day" items. It has already been relegated to the back 40 of her bedroom and she hasn't even gone through the second pack of film. The film is so crazy expensive that she is afraid to take a crummy photo.
takes great pictures
really love it.
Such a fun toy for my grown up life.
Rather bulky, pictures are small (about 3x5") but the picture quality is very good.
Camera arrived sooner than expected! Camera is not small, but not too big. It is built well, durable and good quality. It takes me back to my childhood! The kids were surprised when the film popped up and they started to see the picture appear.  This is a camera will capture a lot of fun memories! I only wish the film was cheaper!
Good
i bought this as a gift and i have one. i love having it around and using it for parties or family get togethers. i buy the film in bulk on amazon.
Bought a couple of these for a NYE party and they were a huge hit! So much more phone than pics on your phone. They worked great, took decent pictures and withstood the abuse of multiple drops over the course of the night
Good
is perfect.
Bought this for my girlfriend and she loved it! Works great! I would recommend buying a lot of film with it. We mostly use it to capture special occasions and such. I would recommend this to people of all ages because it is easy to use.
so cute love it
Great product
I was impressed. Loved it
Easy to use and works great
Love it. It's timeless. I want 23 more! haha!
Really cute!!! It would make a great Birthday gift for your girlfriend or daughter.
Birthday gift for daughter....very happy with this gift.
5 months old and it is already broken.
The best deal ever.
Absolutely love it!
I LOVE IT! Totally worth it! Every time I take pictures with it, people fall in love with it! Love how fast and easy it is!!
My granddaughter loved the camera and the accessory kit
This is an amazing little camera that is an homage to Polaroids of the past.  It is extremely easy to use and produces very nice images.  We recently had a baby so this is perfect for taking little photos and putting them on the wall, corkboard, fridge, wallets, etc.  The film is easy to load and the flash is quite efficient.  If you want to have something for instant cameras feel free to get this!  Everyone that sees us using it always compliments on how wonderful it is.
Love it!  But the directions are in Chinese!!
Bought for my wife, she likes it but is use is not often given the ease and accessibility of a smart phone.
Love this little camera! It's easy to use, the picture quality is surprisingly good, and it's so much fun to play with!!
My daughter saved her money for this and was very happy with it!
I love it. It was just what I wanted. it fit all my requests and really easy to use.
sweet memory in Disney
A birthday gift for my daughter and she loves it !
Pictures dark and spotty, even though film isn't expired. I have horror hound to go to Tomorrow and bought this with all my birthday money :( I'm really sad about it. Other people's pictures turn out great. I'm hoping to get a replacement.
Daughter loves taking photos and has enjoyed the camera so far...no issues, easy to use.
I loved the concept and thought about getting one of these for a year before I did it. I'm an avid journaler and wanted the pictures to add to them.  Sadly, I'm not impressed.  I've gone through my first box of film and got only 2 useable pictures for my journals.  In my opinion, the photos are not very clear, and every one comes out too dark no matter the setting.  No happy, I feel I wasted the money :(
Very fast shipment and very satisfied... This was a gift for someone and she absolutely loved it!!! Thank you :)
I like it. It look pretty good.
Great instant film camera. Worked great for my reception and much less expensive than a photo booth.
First off, I didn't even know they still made Polaroid film cameras. Until I saw my sister-in-law with the pink one and that prompted me to do a little research. I got the yellow Instax Mini 8 as a Christmas gift last year and I absolutely love it! Do I think it should replace digital photos? No, but it's a fun and cute way to relive days gone by, especially if you're someone who likes showing off the kind of pictures you can take and you don't need to snap 10 photos in a burst just to get one that looks good.Now that being said, this is why I don't understand the people buying this camera as a gift for their 6 year olds and then complain over the price of the film. Of course it's going to be pricey when being used by someone who will go through an entire pack of film in roughly 90 seconds.Just because the technology is considered a relic by current standards doesn't mean it's best suited for the very young.Pros:Small camera and therefore very suitable for taking it on trips and such.Has just enough weight to it to imply it's well-made but not too heavy.Batteries last a super long time...even the offbrand ones they send with the camera.Despite complaints that pictures come out dark, I will try to elaborate: the background of indoor shots are indeed dark, but the focal point is bright and in focus. At least for me.Cons:Honestly? Curbing the desire to take lots and lots of shots with it.And also, do yourself a favor and buy the accessory bundle that's sold right here on Amazon. For roughly $45, you get a case, mini photo album, selfie mirror and a few other little bits that make it a great deal.
This order was amazing! I use it with all my friends and they all love to watch the picture come out of the top and wait to see how the picture came out. And best of all they get to keep it! The product was perfect and came in wonderful condition.
The pictures are incredibly beautiful!
It's amazing, going to buy 2 more, hopefully a good price range like this blue one I bought.
So adorable and it works great.
Cool
Works great! Even better than what I had expected. The picture quality is good, can be a little less indoors, but still overall can't complain. The order arrived quick and I didn't have any problems.
Fantastic little instant picture camera. Receive many compliments on camera and pictures. Not light, has some weight to it meaning to me it's good quality. Works great. Bought color Pink and it's very feminine. Adult usage but child could definitely use also. Easy to use. Perfect purchase and much smaller than my old Poloroid which it's impossible to find film for. I purchased an additional box of film and the Accessory kit for this camera which comes with a very nice case in matching color of Pink. I take this camera everywhere now.
Pictures are good quality and a lot of fun. Film is reasonably priced.
Great camera. Reminds me of Polaroid days. Daughter loves it. Colors are not very bright on film but it works. Just a bit on the dark side. Great way for taking memory shots and great for those who scrapbook.
Cute little camera. Takes photos that are the quality you'd expect from a instant print, slightly vintage feel is nice.Love the yellow color and the wrist strap!
Loved it my 12 yr old bbygirl loves it got home when expected .... great purchased!!
I'm 17 and I love it. Good gift.
very happy
Daughter loved it
Perfect!!!
Thank you!! Love it!!
Love it!
This camera is phenomenal. We were looking for the easiest and most affordable way to have a photo booth for my daughter's Sweet 16th birthday party. This is it. The camera is a pretty color and wonderfully designed. It is fantastic to be able to get high quality photos instantaneously.
excellent and fun to use.  Works in perfect condition.
I love my Polaroid at first I was afraid of getting one but it's worth it I have so much photos that I love you should order from this seller
about 30% photos come out blank; after researching online this appears to be a defective camera, and is a common defect...  make sure to check yours out while it is in the return/warranty period
Camera shoots out failed images half the time
Cool and excellent purchase. Great seller!
This camera is amazing!!! Definitely helps create memorable events!!!
so in love with this <3
Love it!!!  So excited to use it for my new DIY project
I've wanted one of these for years, and now I finally have one and I'm in love! This is better than my digi cam! Reminds of the good ol' days! I love how small the film is. This will be perfect for my wedding!
I love it! Easy to use..
My 9 year old LOVES this camera!  She has so much fun with it and it's fun with sleep overs when they can have their pictures right away.
Love it!
its great & the photos come out fabulous
Bought this for my 15 year old daughter. She is having fun using it. The film is pretty pricey, but she doesn't use it often. For a fun little camera with fun photos, very worth the price.
Nice camera for instant gratification. Wouldn't have been my choice for size of pics, but 12 yr old daughter wanted it and chipped in. Likes it very much. Looks nice.
Love the camera!!!
Daughter  loves it
I love this camera!!! the packaging was okay it came with its original box however I was expecting some film with it so I had to buy it separate but it is a good quality camera! :)
Cutest camera!  My 8 year old loves using this camera to document the fun she has with her friends.  I've borrowed it to use the film to help me label some toy boxes around the house.  Worth every penny!
my daughter loved it photos nice
Got it for my lady, and she loved it and the color. It is so lovely that someone finally started making instant film again, the impossible film project has been getting pricey, and you can actually find film for them in most camera shops for the instax
I got mines today and I when I opened it up I got the camera working and the moment I took a picture I couldn't stop, I'm in love !
When I first took a pic inside and it was on the indoor the picture came out too bright
Light weight, great photos, very vintage. It's perfect and highly recommended.
We used it for my daughter's wedding shower photo booth, it was tons of fun and the pictures turned out super cute.  It is a very modern version of the old-fashioned​ polaroid cameras!!!
Awesome camera :) easy to use and super cute
Love it !
I like t but the film is way too expensive I should have thought about it before I bought it
It is such a beauty, I love it. I'll be taking it to France in July.
Arrived on time. Great gift idea.
I love this camera its so cool and its cheaper on amazon than any other stores
Bought this as a 13 y/o girls' gift - she cried she loved it so much! Awesome. They were so excited to watch it develop!
The camera is awesome very crafty
ITS A VERY nice PRODUCT... IT CAME AS I SPECTED… I RECOMMENDED… QUALITY 95%... WE ARE USING IT WITH NO TROUBLE AT ALL 100% OK…
wonderful
Love Love Love it.. my daughter is sooo happy with her new camera
awesome very cute just dont take pics in the winter during the day
I love it so much!
Teen dream.  Great birthday gift and a grateful teen happy to photograph her friends.  Fast and secure shipment with good prices.
luv it
great gift for a teenage girl. Love the colors
Great camera
Perfect teen gift!
Use it all the time. Works perfectly.
The camera took blurry pictures and the center marker on the lens is off, so all pictures were off center.  I returned it.
It is the best buy ever! The pictures are so pretty with a natural filter!!
This was a Christmas present for our 4 year old granddaughter.  She opened it Christmas Eve and spent the rest of the evening taking pictures of EVERYTHING.  Good thing we purchased extra film.
This Camera is awesome. Im a guy and was a bit comprehensive on buying this but let me tell you the camera is attractive and takes great instant pictures
kids loved it
This camera is so easy and fun to use. I love it. The film is a little pricy but I think its worth the nostalgia
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE MY INSTAX! I use it for everything and it is the best camera and buy I've ever made. I would definitely recommend. It also has the cheapest instant film and is genuinely a great camera! Super fun. It is bulky, but it's so cute! WOULD BUY IN ALL COLORS IF I COULD.
this camera makes my daughter's heart go pitter pat.
Exactly as advertised!
Everything was fine.
So cute! love this camera
Came in the original box unopened and sealed Inside another box and some bubble wrap to protect the product. Loved it! :D
exactly what I expected no issues with delivery
Excellent camera , I love it !
I'm in love with my camera!
The battery door case thing doesn't even stay on all the way - it's not like it falls off but there's a gap between it and the camera. I'm hoping it doesn't break completely later on.This camera takes beautiful, vintage-esque photos. Just make sure you don't load the film in the wrong way or it will get jammed. I did this and had to pry it out with a knife.If you're deciding between getting this camera or a polaroid, go with this camera. The film is so much cheaper.
I'm inlove with this camera!
great camera, fun - pictures aren't always clear and film gets pricey
I absolutely love it. Came in on time and in perfect condition used it for my birthday and at a party and it's perfect no complaints at all.
Got it quickLove itOrder film online in packs of 50it's worth it and cheaper than at storeExperience:it's best for close upsAlways check your flash settings to make the best of exposuresIn room's were there is no natural light group pics with flash may cause pics to come out darkmake sure there is nothing close to lense because it causes darkening of exposureBeautiful colors when pictures are taken in the natural sunlight.
Bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it. Everytime we go somewhere new she takes a mini picture. The quality is great given the size.
I love this camera! I just thought that some film would come with it, just a heads up for anyone that buys it, buy film too!
I love this camera so much! It got here very fast and it is described just how it is. Definetly would recommend.
My daughter loves it and enjoys taking pictures!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! So much fun to use. Can't get enough.
Kids loved it.
super
Film for it is expensive, and the pictures are not that good.
Much bigger than I expected but takes great pictures and I love it!
Very good products my girl love it  and my wife ones that toy
My girls asked me to get this camera for a birthday party.  And I'm really glad they did.  It's great for instant photo booth pictures at a party.  I grew up with Polaroid instant pictures, and this is the same concept, only smaller.  The kids loved having their own shots to take home immediately, of course.  It CAN get kind of pricey for film, so shop around and buy in bulk if necessary.  Camera works fairly decent.  All of my pictures are legible and the ones I have posted on my bulletin board haven't faded as of yet.
I love my new Fuji instax camera. It's so easy to use and I absolutely love the color. It takes really cute pictures.
LOVE LOVE LOVE, no complaints. i watched many youtube videos and read many reviews before i bought this and i have been using for about a month, gone through tons of film and i have zero compliants
Taking advantage of some Christmas Amazon gift card gifts, I decided to splurge on this. It was a great decision. The camera looks adorable even when it is not in use, and the pictures are of a nice quality. The camera arrived in great, careful packaging, and it is true to picture. The one drawback is the expense for film, but if you are wise with the pictures you take, and if you have any Amazon gift cards at all, there are plenty of good deals. It is a very fun product, to hear the snap and the film coming out, and to see your picture actually have to take time and develop is very exciting, compared to the quick iPhone pictures that are posted all over social media. I would recommend to anyone!
Great
It came in very good condictions :)
the pictures came out perfect ! I love this camera and it's so easy to use
amazing and awesome fun for kids
AMAZING!!! Although it wish it wasn't so expensive, this was definitely my best investment.
This is perfect. I will be used at a wedding for selfies. Thank You.
This camera is so cute! I love it and the vintage feel to the pictures. Shipping was quick and it got to me all in one piece. I'm 100% glad I got this.
The camera is a bit big and a little annoying to carry around so I wounldnt recommend it for traveling. It is however super fun to use with friends at get togethers and parties!
Couldn't be more happier about this camera!
We bought this for our Sons first birthday, we wanted to have a photo booth type thing. It worked great, film is a bit expensive but was loads of fun! We got to keep a lot of pictures for our birthday album and guest got to take ones home to remember the birthday bash!
This is a great product the only reason I took away a star is because the directions to put film in aren't in English but overall I love this camera!!! The pictures came out clear!
i love my polaroid. works fine. Just the instructions are a bit unclear, but it does what its supposed to do!
Great Deal, thank you!
Great camera and came VERY quickly, i love it!!
Super pleased with the product and prompt delivery! I will definitely be a repeat customer!
I got it for my niece's Bdays, she love it
Absolutely love this camera I got the yellow one and I love the color and how great it works. It's relatively simple to use I'm still getting used to it and trying to figure out somethings still but it's very simple and I love the instant pictures it's super fun to take pictures with it and see them come out instantly. The camera works great and easy enough for anyone to use I highly recommend it.
I've had it for two months and when I take pictures the poloroid comes out blank really disappointed
A
Great little "polaroid" camera. Pictures come out better than we expected.  My daughter loves this little thing....but beware of the film. Mighty pricey.
I purchased this item for a trip and so long as you know its limitations, it's a lot of fun. Don't buy it expecting HD quality images as it is a true Polaroid camera and will print out photos just like the old ones did. It's really best for closeup images, but if you want to take scenery or distance shots, it can work. I found I had to second-guess the light detection for far away shots, but it's quite accurate for anything close up. It's more about the instant satisfaction of the moment and having a physical photo to walk away with.
I really love this produce !! Good price and fast shipping!
Easy to use, great pictures.  I'm using this for my wedding instead of a guest sign in book.  I've practiced with it to see how the pics look and they are perfect.  Lightweight and seems durable.  So excited and happy with the purchase, only downside the film is expensive, but the more you buy the better the discount:)
Camera came in on time and included batteries and a strap. Have not used it yet but by appearance it is everything I expected it to be.
Brightened up my 13 yr old daughter’s life for sure! She loves this camera and the ability to give the pics to her family, friends, and putting the pictures EVERYWHERE! Me being a teenager of the 80's I absolutely loved my Polaroid camera so it is a bit nostalgic for me too! :)
Oh dear, this little camera is going to make me spend so much money on film. I must say, I was pretty hesitant on buying this camera, especially in white. But it has proven me wrong. It is not only cute in white, but the camera itself is amazing. It takes wonderful photos and flashes with every shot (not to worry, this only makes the pictures come out better). I haven't used it outside yet because I heard the temperature may effect the photo and it is freezing where I am right now, but even inside it takes great photos. So worth it!
great price
Hello, I am writing late but maybe my camera does not work, because they do not print photos, please return me my money.
Adorable little camera.  So fun.  Be sure to read the instructions and you'll get great results!
This camera is well worth the price. I've been wanting to buy an instant camera for a while, but was unsure on which product to buy. I was researching various vintage Polaroid cameras, when I came upon Fujifilm instant cameras. I liked the idea of having a modern-made camera, but with a vintage feel. Getting an instant camera from Fujifilm would mean I would have a working camera that printed pictures once I took them, but still have that "old-memory" quality to them. As I looked more into the various models, I discovered the Instax Mini 8. I like the simple design and the low-maintenance aspect to it. All you really needed was 2 AA batteries, a pack of film, and (as with all tech products) proper care. [Note: I bought a CAIUL case/bag for my camera that matches its color, as can be seen in my pictures]At first, I was going to buy the simple white color, but I saw the limited-edition Raspberry and Grape ones. I leaned towards buying the Raspberry-colored model because I thought it was more eye-catching. I've taken a few pictures with it and they've all came out beautiful! I think the flash adds to the vintage-quality of the developed photos, because the ones I took looked rather 90s, but clearer. The small selfie-mirror in the front is very helpful because it shows you exactly what you'll be taking a picture of.I have already gotten some compliments on my camera. My best friend, who owns a couple of Polaroid cameras loves the quality of my Instax Mini 8 pictures. She says her Polaroid pictures are nice, but aren't as high quality. So, if you have reservations about buying these instead of the vintage Polaroid cameras, don't. This camera will guarantee you beautiful vintage pictures, and is less than the price of refurbished/working Polaroids. Plus this color is so beautiful and will only be available for a limited amount of time.
I ordered this for my girlfriend since she always wanted a instant film camera. She loved it! She enjoyed taking photos of her events and it was a conversation starter.
I like the color and size. Its not like the old instant camera it actually takes decent pics and so its fun for parties or scrap-booking.
The pics are very small, but works great
My daughter loves it.  I think it's hilarious that young people who have grown up with digital cameras think that this type of camera is so unique!
love it!
Best buy in recent several months. The picture quality is much better than expectation. It is not just a fun camera. It can keep memories in a fantastic way that digital camera cannot. Strongly recommend that you should buy one. The camera itself is not expensive anyway. Maybe films are pricey a little bit.
Was delivered on time works great and no problems happened
awesome!
very nice thnx..........
Film was as expected
Purchased this camera for my teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it! Will recommend to anyone in the market for one of these.Pros- works great, easy to use and pictures look good.Con's - Film can be a bit pricey.
Bought as a gift for my niece - she loves it but the cost of the film is keeping her artistic self from taking off.  I wish they could come up with more reasonably priced film.
I've given this to two people, and they both absolutely love it.
Love it. Thank you. 
It ok
Absolutely perfect camera! If only the film the cheaper then i'd definitely use it more
Love my camera
this camera is amazing my daughter loves it and uses it all the time..highly recommended
Very good quality
I was extremely disappointed in this camera.  All of my shots were either overexposed or underexposed - one didn't come out at all.  It had an auto feature for light exposure, but I was not able to adjust it.
You don't have to be a camera expert to be able to work this film camera and that's why I think I love it so much! It's nice to have something so simple and easy to work. I myself am pretty familiar with varieties of cameras but I love how simple this one is. The camera itself is pretty compact in size, lightweight and comes with a little strap for your wrist. I really wanted either the Grape of Raspberry color but both were backordered on a different site (couldn't find them available on Amazon yet) and the Black was either sold out, on backorder, or way more expensive compared to the rest of the colors so I settled for the Pink and I couldn't be more happier. The film is also great quality at a great value as well. Compared to the new production of Polaroid film, this is the more affordable route. 8 Polaroid exposures/$30 vs. 60 Fugifilm Instax Mini 8 exposures/$48. I'm a very impatient person and the shipping on this item was perfect with Amazon Prime! Ordered on a Friday night, delievered on my doorstep Sunday morning! Absolutely no complaints!
Very satisfied. I bought the Instax Mini 7S at first and hated it. It was too big, faded white color and bad picture quality. The Mini 8 was a huge step up. Smaller size that's easier to carry around, cute colors and better film quality. Luv it!
Bought this and suprise my girlfriend and she loved it !!!! A+++ TO SELLER.
xmas present but its a cool little camera to have, its like having the old poloroid
THIS CAMERA IS MY LIFE! ughhhh I love it so much!
I SUPER LOVE THIS! High quality photos! Using for visitor coming to meet our newborn baby for the first time. Highly highly recommend this! I just wish film was cheaper... But it's worth it! Love how the photos turn out and the size of them!
Did not work. Went thru 2 packs of film trying to adjust camera and fix. Finally returned product. Waiting on replacement.
took longer than i wanted,butwas happy with the product
GREAT!
Loved this camera. And came on time. Strongly recommend so fun
The camera came in perfect condition and nothing is wrong with it, even though flash goes off even in the daylight, but that's not a big deal. It's exactly what I was hoping for, and I would recommend to anyone wanting a cute (somewhat) cheaper polaroid camera since the older models are a bit pricey.
My teenage daughter loves this!
I gave both  granddaughters this camera.  They asked for it as a gift and they both like it and use it, so I'm  happy.
Great product
Favorite thing I've bought! Amazing picture quality and love the fujifilm border theme film packs
very good quality, got it before the expected time, and my girlfriend loves it.
Very cute and not too heavy to carry
greatt!!
Love it (:
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter. Loves having her own camera to take pictures. She is very Happy with this camera.
I like that the photos are instant. The image takes longer to appear than I would have thought, which is roughly a minute. Make sure you're aware of the picture setting. I took some pictures outside during a sunny afternoon and the photos didn't turn out (they were really white, no image appearing). It wasn't until I changed the setting on the camera to sunny that the pictures came out, which still had less definition than I like. The photos tend to be quite white. It probably works better inside than outside.
Just the perfect gift for my daughter and it also arrived in a short time.
Works and looks as expected. I bought mine at $75 (including shipping) and I'm happy with the result. All the functions work and the pictures come out lovely every time! I'm glad to start using this for scrapbooking soon and it's just nice to have your pictures be printed out and be tangible.It's almost as if the memories captured within the photos are tangible themselves.
Do not buy from this seller the camera did not work!
Daughter loves this! Arrived as expected.
Items received and a good contition.Thanks.
Love this camera! The only drawback is the price of the film- and that there is usually one dud in each film package.
It costed us less, and my daughter is very happy!
Great little camera. Slower to develop than old Polaroids and color isn't perfect, but a fun accessory.
Love it, works great
Perfect! Thank you for a good buy!
Bought it for my girlfriend. She absolutely loves the thing. Only problem is finding the film in stores every now and then. Maybe that's just us, but we've pretty much had to order all the film. Great camera!
super!!!!!!!!!!
I love it! Absolutely everything I thought it would be! It's perfect size takes the most beautiful pics, it so vintage nd has more meaning to the pictures it takes! Forsure everything I wanted!
Great item & super fast delivery ,!
i love it! :)
film for our new camera and it works like it was supposed to
My camera is a hit or miss. I've taken many photos that either don't develop at all, or they partially develop.. It's a shame! This is my second Fujifilm Instax camera, and this one is so bad compared to the other I had.
7 year old Granddaughter loves this camera. Her an her friends have made a lot of memories.
love IT
I would have loved this a lot more, if my photos actually printed when I snapped shots. I was so upset when I would take photographs and the film would come up blank, but by the time I realized I could exchange or return it the 30-day return policy had been up.
I love this camera! Got it for Christmas. It's so fun and the best Polaroid camera I've ever has. Love the color, and the style it's so hipster!
Great product and prompt delivery.
Everyone that has bought this camera had some free film sadly mine didn't come with any but it's perfect and I love it !
This polaroid has changed my life. Gone is digital pictures and in comes the old fashioned film cameras! I have always longed to own an instant camera and here is a great deal for cheap! I did my research on which would be the best and Fujifilm beats all other odds. It came very quickly in the mail and was well packaged, ensuring that the camera would not be jostled around during shipping period.The camera itself is very cute, comes with a strap and everything! There are multiple light settings you can adjust it to and it even has an automatic sensor to guide you towards which setting is the best in which lighting. There are also so many different types of things you can do with it and is portable. The film is also fairly inexpensive, especially if you buy in bulk and there are so many types to choose from. Overall, this is a wonderful product and can be used in your daily life to preserve and keep those precious memories of events, friends, and family!
Just got my raspberry fujifilm instax mini 8 camera!! I love love love it! Shipping was fast and everything was worth it! Thank you so much!!!
This was a gift for my 8 year old! Love it! Fabulous present!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera! Came packaged very nicely and works beautifully. Its my baby.
My daughter loves this and so do her friemds
Cute, but photos arent very good quality. Does the job!
Fun camera! Bought for little sister for Christmas but I would consider buying for myself. She had so much fun with it and the pictures turned out pretty cool.
Product is great
I absolutely love this little Polaroid like camera!! It's not made by Polaroid but it looks like it. The pictures are mini and are perfect for scrap booking and just having the actual picture in your hand instantly. The camera has different settings which is awesome and it automatically sets depending on light. You can switch the settings if you wish to make the picture brighter or darker. It is fun to play with the settings and see what type of pictures come out. The camera is awesome and for a good price but the film is quite expensive. But after you learn to take good pictures then the price of the film isn't that bad, you may waste a lot of film in the beginning practicing with the instant pictures.
My daughter loves this.  She got it from her folks at Christmas.  I wish it was easier to buy the film, but at least there is Amazon where it is easy to order.
It's a great camera we like it very much!
Super fast delivery - in original box, new unused camera, batteries and a wristband in the box. I love it!
I ordered a black camera and received a pink one...Not sure where the confusion on that order happened. The pictures come out a little off for some reason. I know it's not my flim so I'm not sure what the problem may be. Overall, it's a good product.
Does not come with film so I was extremely upset !!!! The camera was a bit loose at the tip of lens like it kept shaking.. I was also upset that the lens was really loose
Great device! Works awesome! It's nice to have a lil camera that give you your pictures right at the moment you took them.
What a fun product!  Considering that this is as close to Polaroid as we can get, I highly recommend the Instax.  It's great for parties or something not so conventional.  Easy to use, the option of a warranty is fantastic as well.
Fun
Love it. Is like have your memory with you forever. I won't worry about losing my phone or forgetting my passwords. And I loose those picture. Now I take a picture  and save them and in 10 years I can always look back at them.
I bought this camera for my 13 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it! The product is exactly as pictured and very easy to use. My daughter was asking for a Polaroid but she didn't like how bulky my old school full size Polaroid camera was so I was so excited when I ran across this on Amazon. My daughter loves the size of the pictures and has so much fun with her friends snapping pictures on this camera. It was the perfect gift for a teen. I would highly recommend this product.
Good
Everything OK
Got it earlier then expected, love the camera!
Cutest camera ever made easy to use, pictures come out in high quality the only bad thing to me is the film size it's only 10 pictures which I waste like in a day lol bit overall it's an amazing camera and it's a must have
My little girl is so happy with her present.
The camera works great and the pictures were really good but after I took about 3 pictures when I take another it's turns out blank can anyone help?
I like very much nice pictures,good memories
I just got my camera yesterday and I love it. The camera is cute and easy to carry. The pictures come out clear and cute. The only downside is that it doesn't come with any film, so I would recommend ordering some.
first-class
Awesome camera! Cute lil pics!
LOVE this camera but the alignment of the photos are off
Perfect!
Tiny pictures.
I love this camera!! It came in the mail a lot sooner than i expected! My film hasnt came in the mail yet so i can't try it out until then, but i am very satisfied with my purchase! I had one of these as a kid so i feel like its a necessity to have one now that i am older! Thank you so much~! :)
This camera is great! Pretty self explanatory and our 8 year old took pics! Havent found any downfalls and the pictures turned out beautifully! Some came out with that old polaroid look to them but that made it all the more sweet! Speedy delivery, product is as advertised, and easy to use. Would consider it as a gift fot a loved one/friend. I would give this more stars if I could. Far exceeded my expectations!
La la la la love it!!!
My kids loved the camera
These are the best! so cute and fun :)
Fast shipping just as described
This cute camera came in really fast in perfect condition. Pretty straight forward on how to use it and fun to capture memories to be cherished forever, right there on the spot. It's a great gift too (thanks mom, lol). I use mine to create college memories. :)
My teenager  enjoyed  it very well
Granddaughter loves the camera.  Just what she wanted.
Perfect little gift. Love the color.
This polaroid camera isn't bulky as it looks in the picture which is perfect for me since I travel a lot, I can easily put it in my bag and go. I can not stop taking pictures. In this era, we all have camera phones and those pictures just stay their without being developed, so I was excited to capture the moment and have a photo in my hands within 3 seconds and put them in a photo album. You do have to play around with the settings though…. If you're not in a brightly lit area, depending on the setting it will come out black…. or if you're in a place that is too bright, everything will be way to contrasted. So have fun with it, see what works and what doesn't. All in all I love this camera.
We like it, but the pics are tiny.
It's perfect!
better than i expected
Grest camera
Greeeeaaaaaat
Awsome equipment
Perfect! Works great!!
Love it!!
Love it! Got my item in two days really fast shipping! I got the yellow one and its more of a pastel yellow. Everything works great and i get a lot of complements on it.
So excited, its small and fun to use.
fantastic product. highly reccommended
Comes in cute colors. Although the film is a bit pricey, this camera does the job. No problems yet. In love with my fujifilm mini.
So much fun!  Works great! The film is smaller than the old fashioned ones.
Great camera!
Perfect!
Love my camera
I can not express how much I love this camera. It is perfect for anything and everything, I love capturing memories with it, can't find a flaw. Film isn't cheap, but it's so worth it.
Adorable..love it!
MY DAUGHTER LOVED HER CAMERA FOE HER BIRTHDAY N PRICE WAS NOT TOO BAD.
perfect for me
All I have to say is YOU are crazy if YOU don't purchase this AMAZING ITEAM!
My daughter loves this retro camera. She has an $1800.00 cannon and uses the fuji more. Go figure. I even have to pay for film.
I love this camera! Fast shipping got it the next day. Ill definitely buy another one soon.
Works really good and it's super cute.
This product came looking like it is second hand ...... Quite dirty
My daughter likes this.
Amazing. Absolutely  in love
I love this camera so much. It was delivered in less than a week. It takes amazing pictures. I recommend getting a package deal of the camera and film. It will save you money and you will have film the same day the camera comes in. Mine came with the batteries which is amazing. The manual said the batteries should last for 100 pictures. There are a lot of accessories you can get to go with this little camera. It is honestly amazing. I highly recommend getting it. Takes amazing pictures.
Absolutely love it!
It cool camera
Who wouldn't love this? I was going to order this from Urban's, but it's always a good idea to check Amazon. I saved over $50. Such a great product that's easy to use.
Soooooo cute and fun. Fairly well made. I wasn't sure if it was going to be some cheapo plastic thing but its pretty sturdy. Easy to use. Obviously the film is a bit pricey but I think its worth it for special occasions. Pictures are clear and develop well. No issues here.
The picture quality is not that great however nice toy for the kids who never used to print pictures
Great camera! I was a little nervous that the camera was not going to last very long but i've had it for over a year and i use it all the time. I have never had one problem with it and the color is so cute. I've brought it to Hawaii with me and got great shots of scenery, myself, people and nature. I definitely recommend this product to people who like the old fashion way of doing things. Great camera, great price, shipped fast. The only complaint I would make is that the film is not as cheap as i would like to be so buy it in bulk.
This was a gift for my 22 year old daughter, who fell in love with it. She takes great pictures and makes the pictures into collages! People comment on it when ever they see it as it's very, very cute!
amazing!! came in super quick & takes amazing photos!!
I love my new polaroid!
My daughter loves her new camera. It really reminds me of my old Polaroid!
Love it. Such a cute color! So much fun taking pictures! But warning, film is pretty expensive
Love this throw back to the instant camera - business card size pictures.  Bought for my kids (14 & 9) and they love them - they are careful not to take frivolous pictures as each picture is about $1 based on film pricing on Amazon - which I've found to be the cheapest - even better than the big box store.  Camera is a little bulky so ages 8 and up is my recommendation
I have always wanted a fujifilm so I asked for one for Christmas. So far there has been no problems and I like it a lot. It is amazing
Quality of the pictures is terrible!  Not worth the money.  It's been returned!
Bought the camera for my 12 year old daughter, she loves it and it works great.
Loved it!!!!
granddaughter loves it
I love it
Arrived quickly. Just what she wanted.
Good
Bought 2 of these for our grandkids....they love them!  The only downside is that the film is expensive & the kids use it very, very quickly!  Very durable.
My daughter loves her new camera. It takes good pictures
Junk
Nice cam and so fast delivery
My 13-year-old's new favorite toy.  If only the film wasn't so expensive.
Great item and would recommend to anyone.Love Amazon Prime and the fast shipping on everything.
Good
Bought this for my daughters 10th birthday.  She loved it pictures come out nice. I would definitely recommend.
Takes nice pictures thank youand fast delivery through Amazon
Fun product! Wish it came with film- it feels a little overpriced for what it is. But still a great buy imo!
bought this for my gf, she loved it.
Great purchase. The process was very smooth, quick delivery!
Awesome gift for my sister and she loved it!!! Uses it more than Instagram
Wonderful camera, my grand daughter is having fum
Very cute, I thought it would be bigger though.
Our Daugher loved it, and the shipper did a great job!
I love this camera!!! It's cute, fun and super easy to use. I had heard that there was a learning curve so that your pictures don't come out white - but I used my dog as a model and everything came out as expected. Such fun - I highly recommend to everyone!
My daughter is still having a blast with this - reminds of back in the day polaroid cameras.  (big black things).  Really happy with it.
My 13 year old granddaughter loves this camera
exactly what my daughter wanted!
Bought for my daughter as a Christmas gift and she loved it, the pictures are small but extremely cute!
great camera, love the small selfie mirror built in, although the color was not at all vibrant as shown in the picture
My daughter loves it
So far so good I got it on time
Its is so cute n it works well
got it for my friend, she LOVES it! cute little pix
Very pleased
Easy to use
the pink it came in is a little lighter than pictured above. it is small and cute as expected, easy to carry and easy to use. good purchase.
The camera is exactly what I was expecting.
Never record this, and never got a response email stating it was out of stock!! Once again, very disappointed!!
My daughter loves this product would by agai
Very cool camera !
My 8 year old daughter ADORES this camera! Super easy to use. I want one myself!
Daughter loves this camera.
Broke after 2 weeks
So far so good
Absolutely love it! Works as described and looks as depicted! :) Pictures are the cutest AND it has different settings, but sometimes if it's too bright or too dark, the pictures won't come out. Either way, I love it.
Awesome my daughter loves it! It doesn't take pictures like a digital camera the film develops just like an old model polaroid would though. Be better if it at least had an lcd screen. But my daughter is happy with it either way.
I love it. Fast shipping. The camera is cute and light weight me and my four year old son are loving it!
This was a gift for my daughter, who really wanted a Polaroid (i blame Taylor Swift).  The price seemed a bit high for a genuine Polaroid, for a gift for a teenager, who has a phone camera for most of her needs.  But this little camera got some great reviews and was more financially accpetable for us.  And while some people might not like the little photos, she thinks they are darling.
I take this camera everywhere I go. I love it
Its amazinggg
It is very cool!
Thank you
A gift for my teenager daughter...she loves it...novelty of it very retro and cool.
Very cute & easy to carry. The only problem was trying to adjust the lighting on the camera. If it's not done right the picture can come out too dark or light, & a lot of film will be wasted.
Bought it for my girlfriend. She LOVES it. Only thing is - the camera WILL let you take a picture while the shutter is closed - I learned that the hard way.
So much fun! Love it!
