Good quality
Ok
Although the camera came on time and is new it is NOT Fuchsia It came red not what I want and too late to send back.
Wonderful, but dont use in the day time. We tried all the settings the cameral has to offer, but really the photos in the day time came out super washed out. Great photos at night though
This looks more pink in the picture but it's more reddish color. Wasn't too happy about that. Wish I had ordered the light pink.
Stopped working on the second film.
Good camera but when you use the camera outside you have to cover the flash
Great camera. Does what it is supposed to do. Very cute and small
I'm questioning the authenticity of the camera I received in the mail. Its labeling is different than the same caneras you can purchase from big stores like Target or Best Buy.
Pretty good
I love this camera it's so cute ! I was worried after reading some negative reviews but it was worth it I would totally buy it again. The picture come out looking vintage which is an added plus for me!
My 13 yr old loved it!! It's a great camera and would recommend to anyone.
I don't regret getting this. It's very cute and takes nice little credit card sized photos. My issues with it are as follows: the viewing hole is really tiny. The photos come off out of center with the viewing hole. Sometimes the camera recommends settings that make the photos turn out too bright or too dark. & If you try to take closeup photos they will come out blurry.All that aside I love my camera. Being able to take little instant photos wherever I am is just too fun not to enjoy. I love this camera, and if and when they improve it I will probably buy that too.
I love this camera, its small and cute. I bought it as a grad gift to my Baby sister. She uses it all the time, and when its not in use it looks like cute desk decor!
This camera is fun and takes great polaroids. Used at my daughter's graduation party to take pics of all the kids that came! It was the talk of the party!
Just returned from Washington D.C. on vacation, the pictures were very poor in quality, referred to the owners manual and online for help with the settings, same result. Wanted to return it, one week past the return date, figures.
Received package on time, love the red color and am Happy with the item
everything was as expected
good  ok
This polaroid camera was awesome! I absolutely love it to the moon and back! It also ships really fast too! I ordered it on a Tuesday and got it on Friday. I really recommend this polaroid for everyone. It's so amazing that it'll feel like your new best friend! Are you ready to capture a new memory and get it instantly? Don't forget to order your very own Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 polaroid today!
Wife loves it!!! She likes having the picture instantly.
Love it
The first one that came to me had a defect, (the little arm that catches the film and pushes it up to the rollers wasn't working properly). Basically the film wouldn't eject at all. I decided to exchange it and the new one shipped fast and worked perfectly! The new one is so much fun and the return process was smooth. I definitely would recommend!!!
The product sent was defective. Very dissatisfied.
My wife loves this camera, not because it is perfect or because the image quality is tremendous, but because it is a fun experience. It is very easy to use and people are always excited to see the photo that prints out. It's fun, that's the chief benefit of this item.One word of caution, the photo paper is not cheap, so this isn't a carefree experience. We buy the film on Amazon, but even then it is roughly $0.75 per picture.
Just like the old Polaroid's, but with a vintage twist! Love love love! My kids get a kick out of it. They live in the digital age do this is un heard of! Great little shots with it too !
Works great It's so much fun having a instant camera again and these are so much cuter than the ones that were around when I was a kid.
I gifted to my friend and she loves it! only down side that i will say about this is that it doesn't come with the films so i suggest buying the film separately
I took this Camera on a hiking trip today. Although it looks Bulkie it is very lite to carry. Not t going to get high tech photos on this but lots of fun. I can't wait to use it at a kid's party in the photo booth!
Very cute! A bit challenging to master getting ideal photo wuality
A lot of people that rate this product badly, didn't read the instructions well enough. It works great, photos are small, but still cute. Great that it has a exposure meter, helps when taking pics outside. Going to by a white one soon and probably incest in some accessories.
I love instant gratification. Who doesn't? My daddy gave me my first Polaroid eons ago. And while the pictures are nowhere near as good as my digital snaps, and while I have to wait to see if the picture I had hoped to capture is any good - I still love it.The last time I had an instant camera was when my oldest was born - almost 10 years ago. I don't remember if it broke or if procuring the film just got to be too expensive/difficult - but when we moved to Texas, the cameras didn't make it. But in the eerie way our techno age works (and really - it almost wants to make you go off the grid), Amazon started recommending instant cameras again. And when I saw this cute little thing AND in pink - I succumbed.But, as is often the case, I don't fully read all the information before purchasing, I was shocked at how large the camera was when it arrived (despite the fact the actual pictures are super tiny). But it is still cute. And it is still light years better than my old instant camera. It has lens controls that my Polaroids never had.And just as I was amused (awestruck) by the process of watching the pictures develop before my eyes and in my hot little hands - I LOVE that I am able to share that thrill with my babies now.
The color is really pretty, and it works very well!Besides printing pictures, it is also good for decorations.
I overall loved this camera. Only thing is that you have to be careful taking pics in super bright tropical areas because the pics will turn out white if it's really sunny out. No problems with it beside that.
Fun to have 'polaroids" back! This little camera is a lot of fun, but the flash is too bright for the film (using the mfg's film for this camera). It washes out anybody's face and throws off the color balance.
Love it soooo much super cheap and cute I love taking pictures with this!
So happy that I purchased this camera. So much cheaper than in stores. Highly recommend if you are looking for a polaroid camera. It is a little hard to know which lighting setting to put it on, but prascticemakes perfect. I LOVE the color of the camera as well. It is bright and I love it even more because it is matte (which is so in right now)!
Just what I wanted! Though the little part that says how much film I have left might be broken because it's stuck on 9 and I've taken more than 1 photo
Love it
I met my expectations and more
Our 4 yr old grandson is having a blast with his new camera!!!!
I loved the product. It came on time. The only thing I wasn't too happy with was that the strap was missing.
Receive it in mint condition. Works perfectly and durable!
Good item good price My GF likes it!
Loved it! Perfect for guest book pictures at the wedding!
niece loved it.
ok
If you are a woman and wear makeup, white is not the best color to get. My foundation appears to always be on it... and it is not fun to wipe it down after each use. Try another color!
Talk about nostalgia! I had a camera like this when I was a kid and when I bought this for my wedding guest book, I was pleasantly surprised at the joy I had as a kid resurfacing! My little girl and I blew through 20 exposures just playing around and waiting for the picture to darken up. I love this camera and I am so excited to take photos at my wedding with it.
Stopped working after 4 pictures
Perfect
I got this for my cousin for Christmas and she loves it!  The actual color of the camera matches the color in the picture, which I was really happy about.  I bought this product when they had the deal where you can get a free pack of 20 fujifilm instax, so that was a plus!  This product has multiple settings: sunny days, cloudy days, indoors, and nighttime.  This is a perfect gift for teenagers that loves to take pictures
My 11 year old daughter LOVES her camera. Pics are pretty good quality.
Does what it's supposed to do. Great gift. The film is a bit pricey so you really don't get all snap happy but it's a cool gadget
Our daughter purchased this in blue with her "sweet 16" birthday gift money. She loves it and has had great fun taking photos with it. The photo quality is nice, better than the old cameras from years ago. She also found and purchased on Amazon an extra two pack of film to go with this item and it was a great price! This camera was priced competively and we feel she got a fair price after much research. It arrived with the camera, in perfect condition. She carries that camera everywhere now!
Kids love the camera. The film produces great color and last long. Easy to use, fun for the kids and brings back memories of the good old days
25% of the time pictures do not come out at all. Must be a very very close up picture. Quality of the picture is very poor. Please let me know if you would like samples of what the pictures look like. Wish I never bought it.
My inner hipster couldn't resist. I used to love my polaroids. The film just became wayyyy to expensive. They still are. However the instant cameras have been making quite the comeback and with it fuji has made it a little more affordable to enjoy simplistic pictures again. I really love mine and I purchased the black one so that I could customized it to fit my personality. Overall I am super satisfied with this purchase. P.S. Amazon has the best price on these cameras... take my word for it, I have checked.
i lovvvvvvvve it
This product is amazing and is exactly what I expected
I loved it!
My gf loved it!
Smaller than I thought it would be.  But we love it.  Love the "old school" pictures it takes.
I have had the instax wide film camera from Fujifilm for the past three years and this is an amazing improvement. The wide camera is just too large and I look retarded holding it. The instax mini fits very well in my backpack and I'm not scared to be a little rough with it. I like the larger pictures, but this film is a bit cheaper (buy the 60 pack on amazon) so it evens out.
My Mom loves it...I gave it to her for Mother's Day and she is 84 yrs. young !!
Happy
Big hit in our school raffle
I bought it for my daughter. She loves it!
like it really cool to have
The pictures are a little smaller than I thought but they turn out great, just like the old ones. Even my three year old took a perfect picture with it.
My camera is not working, although the batteries are inserted.....
I purchased this camera as a gift and they loved it. The look and the feel of the camera is awesome. I love the way the pictures come out. It's great to make to print out and give to your friends as a gift.
I love how raw the pictures look :) don't expect them to look HD with perfect lighting like your phone provides: but authentic and real. Bringing the old way of taking pictures back and I couldn't love it more!! So cute and compact and super easy to use! With different settings for when it's cloudy or sunny, or you are inside!! Also comes with a selfie lenses so you know you're in the right spot!! Added bonus so you don't accidentally cut half your face off since we are all spoiled and used to front facing cameras now!! Embrace the challenge of mastering a new form of selfie!!
Love this so much. great to take with me to events. the photos are always super flattering and artsy looking. the white gets dirty however, so i would suggest getting a carrier case of some sort
Great!
I love this camera!!
2 out of 10 are duds. When you think you're saving money, you're actually not. But there's no way for us to know until the Polaroid is out.
Bought this for my daughter. Was delivered March 23rd. It is May 9th and it won't work anymore! Should have purchased from a store where I could return it. It is 2 weeks past the 30 day return and I am now out $55 plus the film that is in the camera. Way to go Amazon! I have purchased a lot from Amazon and this makes me so mad that I can't even talk to someone about this.
I notice even while using the proper settings of my camera sometimes the lighting in the photos are dark or too bright. It gives the view of an old photo, though. I enjoy this camera and can't wait to take it to DisneyWorld to take pictures of the kids. I think they will enjoy this photo fun as well!
Great Price. Works great. and received it fast.
So fun for my 12 year old daughter!
I love it!!
Love it! The polaroids come out great and I love the fact that it is so portable and easy to use. The camera allows you to take great photos in all kinds of light and automatically adjusts for lighting conditions. I have it in raspberry and it's a gorgeous colour. The camera feels light in hand and works well.
It took a long time to arrive, the pictures come out poorly.
Great production of photos.  Fun color. Great for teenagers.
This camera takes great mini photos, images are clear, it also comes in many colors.  My daughter loves it!
This camera is amazing . I love it so much 😍❤️
Came really fast! Really cute and works good. Difficult instructions.
Fun!!!!
Love this camera. It's fun and perfect for guest book ideas. Been used for 2 different parties and maybe a wedding in July. It's awesome and my 6 year old loves it too. Easy to use and figure out.
I absolutely love it
Very cute but wished it took better pictures. But they will do what ai need to use them for
Top
Very neat little camera.  Just remember to get in close as the pictures are small.
Everything about it is great!😍
It was great
Awesomeness just like the old Polaroid camera I used to have.
Loved it so much!
was super excited for this product but it doesn't even work.. The camera operation is functional but won't develop any photos.. What's the point??
I am absolutely in love with this camera! Plan to take it everywhere I go. I mainly got this camera to capture college memories and to have them instantly. The film can get rather expensive, but I bought a boundle pack of film of 60 for $30 off Amazon. If you are interested in starting a Polaroid collection I would start with this camera. Although the film is expensive it's cheaper than the actual polariod brand film.
I bought this for my teenage niece. She absolutely loves it. Easy to use and the camera color turned out to be perfect. She takes it everywhere she goes.
Amazing this is my favorite thing ever! Great for scrap booking!
I absolutely love this camera! I got it to use at a bachelorette party so that the bride could have an instant album printed of the night! We then added scrapbook word stickers to each page as the night went on and put each photo into a little album. The bride absolutely loved it! I ended up using it a second time for another bachelorette with the same excitement. My kids love that the pictures come our right away and think its fun to have them to hold on to or give to someone. I wish the film was cheaper, but still think its totally worth it.
Gave this to my 10 year old for her bday.  She LOVES it!  It takes small pictures, about half the size of the classic polaroid I remember.  But it's a cool throwback for the next generation.  Film is a bit expensive, about $1 per picture, but I think I remember it always being that way.  Anyways its pretty cool and my daughter loves it.
everything was fine I didn't have any problems
Ive only had this for about a month and a half and I took it to Disneyland with me and I was ready to take a whole bunch of photos but when I took one, the film wouldnt come out but the number was going down. So I took one more and it still wouldnt come out. I turned it off and on again and took another one, and it finally came out but the picture was really messed up and it was kinda disappointing. Don't know why that happened.
Great birthday present for a love one!
picture quality
Did not take adequate photos outside even on the sun setting
good
I love this camera! I use it alot, and the pictures always come out very vintage looking. Sometimes blurry, but it adds polaroid character! It can be hard to hold on to, and I dropped it once. The side was damaged but luckily it still worked. I highly recommend a case for it!!
Sooooo cute!!! I love the pastel colors and feel of the hard plastic is so good. The size is kinda bulky, so be warned! For 70 dollars this is definitely worth for this product since it comes with some many extras, including  a extre lens.
I LOVE THIS
Worked great for my wedding photo booth. I got two for a back up but didnt need to use it. The colors do turn out dark but it worked out for what I was going for. For clearer photos I recommend getting additional lighting if using at night.
We bought this for our daughter's 10th birthday and she loves it!!!
one of my daughters favorite things!
Color is pretty much exactly as it looks on amazon.com.  The camera was bigger than I expected because I knew the photos were credit card size but that doesn't change my opinion of the actual camera.
Awsome
Super cute!!!
dont know if it was the film or the camera but out of 3 packs of 10 pictures this camera only took 12 pics.
Fun to take pictures at parties.  Kinda have to get use to the viewfinder--- tricky to see through and turning it sideways makes for better landscape photos.
This camera is awesome. The exposures are always spot on when you use the recommended setting. I owned the Instax Wide 210, it was garbage the exposures were terribly inconsistent, plus it was a pain to always have to change the focusing distance. This is just a painless point and shoot camera. And I like the size of the exposures. They're smaller but more cost effective and just as fun. The camera itself is a plasticky toy but, the results are great for parties or family photos.
Obsessed!  Great product.  Very happy with my purchased
First Polaroid camera and have to say this is way cooler than I expected. So glad it was my first pick!
Very nice
So much fun!! My 13 year old loves it. Pretty good quality photos.
This is so much fun to use! It was great idea for birthday party I threw. It wasn't very helpful the instructions, however, because I didn't have much time to read plus it was mainly in another language, I think Chinese. I just found video on youtube on how to use, however, and it's very simple to use.
Ordered for my daughter and she loves it!! You don't "shake it like a Polaroid picture" like the older versions of this camera. Just point and shoot and a few seconds later your picture develops.
Got this for my granddaughter.  She loves it.  Have already had to go for more film.
great quality cane fast happy:)
So cute!
as seen as picture shown, so cute!
Exactly what it is, a fun plastic camera.
I love it
My son loves it and he is 3! It's fantastic. He has no idea what pics are because everything is now stored on phones and computers so to see his face after he takes a pic and to be able to see the pic develope instantly is so fun to watch.
Adorable
excellent
Bought this for my 10 year old niece for her birthday. VERY EASY to set up and operate. Loved the optional packs that were offered to go with this as well. Camera arrived with batteries to my surprise, so we didn't have to make a trip out to get those.Great purchase and will definitely remember for future gifts!
Horrible camera!  I purchased this for my two little girls to take pictures on our trip to Europe so that they could just immediately have the picture and put it in their journal.  We practiced before leaving, and I should have known from that not to bother bringing it along.  No matter what I did (and I read up a lot after having issues), the pictures were either over exposed or under exposed.  Anything we tried to take inside came out black, and the pictures that kinda came out were very grainy and not in a cool, vintage way.  This is not the polaroid I remember from when I was younger.  My kids were very disappointed.  I will be trying to return it as it's totally useless.
Bought it as a gift for my sister, and she really liked it!
Perfect camera
I'm in love with my polaroid camera. I'm so glad I purchased this.
Present for my niece. She loves it!
Very good it came without film so you need to buy some but I love this soooooo much highly recommend it.
love it
i love my camera! no complaints! takes great pictures, it just took me a while to get used to the settings on the camera to take the perfect pictures.
Not too happy with this camera. I bought this as a mother's day gift for my fiance. I gave it to her early because she likes early gifts. I followed all instructions properly and installed the batteries then the film. Every time I would turn the camera on it would print a picture. I took multiple pictures inside and outside. Both turned out black or blank. Wasted a twin pack of film. Do not buy. Terrible, cheap camera.
Very pleased!
I've been wanting this camera for the longest time. I finally got it for my birthday and I love it! Best birthday gift ever, everyone should get it.
I bought Fujifilm Instax Mini instant film 8 Camera ( Raspberry ) made the payment but I did not get the camera to address how I can help with this urgenthttp://www.amazon.com/Fujifilm-Instax-Mini-Instant-Raspberry/dp/B00U2UZ40Y?ie=UTF8&redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_4
I bought the camera and all of the accessories as a gift.  Unfortunately it didn't work.  Now that they have replaced it, it works great and my daughter is always snapping pictures!
My daughters loves her camera.  Works great!
Best Polaroid camera out there love the many Polaroids very kid friendly my kids have a blast taking pictures of one another would recommend to anyone quality excellent
Everyone should have one of these, just note it does not come with the film! It prints and develops fast and it's very cute and when youre not using it you can display it on a shelf since its so aesthetically pleasing :)
My top 5 "loves."- Instant photo within 3 mins!- Super easy to use.- Durable, plastic body held up in traveling.- Somewhat expensive film, but worth it having the instant photo.- Light sensor is accurate and compensates accordingly.For reference, I also bought these and they worked wonderfully:Fujifilm INSTAX Mini Instant Film Twin Pack (White)Fujifilm Instax Mini Instant Film, 10 Sheets of 5 Pack × 2 (100 Sheets)5/5 stars.
I got this for fast, fun, and informal pics for parties and events and it's been perfect in that regard. Plus, it's damn good looking and works like a charm.
I got this camera as a gift for my daughter and it's already a favorite. Lots of precious memories. LOVE IT.
Love it.
A fun, easy to use camera with exciting results.
I purchased this camera for my daughter as a birthday gift, she is 13 now.She really likes this camera mind you it's not like my Cannon Rebel or even my iPhone 6splus camera but for a teenager it's perfect.The kids love watching the pictures fade in much like the old Polaroid camera I owned as a kid. It's like magic for my 5 year old granddaughter watching the picture appear.The only negative thing I can think of is the pictures are much better in brighter light. The flash is just not that bright.
the product arrived in perfect condition
I bought this for my girlfriend as a birthday present and she is in love with it! She likes how simple it is. Good buy!
This camera is awesome and easy to use however it often has small issues such as printing blanks and the pictures coming out very light, to the point where half the photo is just white. The photos taken in darker settings come out amazing though
Fun camera!  Works well.  Looks great!
Love the camera! Fun to use!
I have always wanted a polaroid camera and I absolutely love this newer version. It's light and compact enough that I can take it anywhere. It's perfect for capturing memories since I often forget to get my photos printed. This way I don't have to remember!
Awesome camera. Great for anyone who scrapbooks. Got as a part of a bday for my fiancé. She loved it.Make sure you buy plenty of film! 👍🏽
Gift item, really.  But fun.  Film cost a bit.
good
Great
I love this, I always take pictures.
I love this camera - color is gorgeous (more of a coral than the raspberry pink shown in picture). It is super easy to use, but if you don't have your camera on the right setting, it will be either washed out or way too dark. I'm giving this 5 stars because I just got it a week ago so I'm figuring the minor problems I'm having are just because I'm a beginner :)
Have only used it inside so far and the automatic lighting setting has worked perfectly. Can't wait to see how it works outside, I have the instax wide and I have to say it doesn't always take the perfect photo.
I just received the camera and I am in love with it. It was really easy to figure out. I used it instantly and the picture came out great. I wish the picture would be a bit smaller but this way is also great since I do a photo book for my son. The pictures are small enough to fit many on one page. The best part is that I don't have to wait an hour at Walgreens to print a picture or several. I hope that it does last and it is not some cheap camera.
It fell in water the day that I got it! Very disappointing!
I love this camara. I use it for special moments with family and friends
Included in the package:/Strap/Instruction manuals/a pair of batteries/the cameraOne review said it came with a close up lens, but it does not, sadly :( Also, the strap cannot adjust. As in, you cannot make it tighter or looser, which is a downside in case it slips.It's easy to insert film (which you have to buy separately) and came on time. I can't wait to use it! I saw one of my friends with it and it takes very cute, neat pictures so I thought I should get one too. Some of her pictures turn out really bright/white though, so settings will have to be played around with. The instruction manual kind of guides you on what settings to use depending on the lighting/background.There was no damage to the box or the camera. The  camera is easy to use and is compact enough to fit in my small hand. It's light and lean, but since I got a powder blue camera I have to be careful not to get it dirty. True to picture and descriptions!I used to have the Polaroid land instant camera and it was large and bulky plus the film was expensive. I was happy to get the Fujifilm instax 8 camera. The credit card sized pictures are cute and can be decorated around the edges. There are also many accessory kits available for this model camera.
Daughter loves!
The half pack of film do not work! I I don't know what's wrong?
Bought this for my daughter's 11th birthday. She loves it! Couldn't be happier! Good price compared to others we've seen.  I do want to mention that we had horrible delivery though. We used same day delivery and the driver was terrible. He actually throws the box at our door.
Super cute and easy to use. Look up videos if you know nothing about how to work one of these or for some tips, there are incredibly helpful ones on youtube! I have been wanting one of these for so long, and this price is unbeatable. Highly recommended. Can't wait to use this for my trip to Mexico in June. Happy shopping xx (:
Good seller, excellent product
Loved this camera, I got one as a gift, and then I decided to purchase this one for a friend and she loves it! The color of the camera is gorgeous and it works great!
Arrived on time and undamaged. Took it to the beach with me and it was able to withstand heat and sand without any damage. Takes super cute pictures that come out around the size of a credit card. Perfect for scrapbooking.
Looks more like orange, not raspberry. Disappointed.
Gift for the special teen in our lives.  She loves this thing to death.  I was surprised to see it took nice quality mini pix.  I stocked her up on lots of Fuji film, so she can snap away.  Kind of nice for the teens, then they have something in addition to the digital photo.  I also got the accessory kit, so she was in teen heaven.  Much more compact than the old fashioned polaroids and ten times more fun to use.
I love my camera, I've taken it to many different cities across the country and love being able to physically document my trips. You only get one chance at a photo and it's really nice to have that aspect back in my life compared to all the technology out there.
Is a funny camera not such a good quality but ir works very well
Great and fun camera but I thought the color was going to be closer to pink but it's like a matte red.
Bought this as a gift for my teenage niece. She loved it! She takes it everywhere and snaps pics of everything.
Love it
My sister really likes it.  It was a perfect gift
My daughter LOVES this camera. The pictures come out better than the old Polaroid, in a more-rectangular shape. Quicker, too. The film is a little pricey but still less expensive than other brands.
Came in great condition and was easy to use. It even had batteries already in it. Just make sure you read the instructions before loading pictures so that you dont ruin the pack. Thanks
The camera doesn't take photos. All prints turn out white. Amazon hasn't responded to any of my product issues. I wouldn't buy!!
works well
My son likes it.
Nice
Waist of money.
The camera works great and i love the little photos!!
I am so obsessed! this little thing is my new best friend! If you are thinking about buying it, you should totally buy it!
I spotted this camera in my local craft store but wasn't willing to buy it for the outrageous price in the store.  I love this little camera! When I was a kid, Polaroid instant cameras were all the rage so this version from Fujifilm is just as great. The battery cover comes on and off easily, loading the film is easy to do as well.  This is a nice little camera to have fun with. You can change settings whether you are indoors or outdoors, the camera actually suggests the setting to use.  The own downfall for this camera is that you have to keep in mind that the view finder is off to the right.  So while you may have your subject in the center through the finder you do have to compensate a little bit so that your subject is in the center when the film pops out at the top. Otherwise this is a great little camera to have especially for the trip down memory lane and also for those moments where you want to capture something right away and let people walk away with an instant memento.
LOVE IT
It didn't come with the film that it said it would, but it did arrive on time. A little disappointed.
I bought this to send pictures to my fiancé in marine corps boot camp and I love it! I'm going to use it at his graduation and our wedding! Only downside the film is so expensive!
Its cute and it does what I want. Things to note however! The pictures takes a minute to develope, they pop out white and blank. Don't assume its broken! also don't take pictures in the mirror, silly me did and have some lovely ruined film for my trouble.
Great gift, my grandaughter loves it
I love it. it is so cute and picture quality is great! I would buy this again!
LOVED IT WORTH THE MONEY
Works great..my 13 year old loves it
Comes exactly as shown, color is satisfying.
Arrived as described, on time and in complete working order (took 3 photos so far). Attached a Kata strap (good quality choice) and plan to take it on my many adventures in the future! Light weight and super easy to use. This model has shooting features that are great for an instant camera! Who knew we could do so much with an instant mini? Loving it so far and I even got a few other people to purchaee their own!
Settings aren't working and I've had the camera for a very short amount of time. Disappointed.
Camera came in a timely manner; rather quickly and it looks just as described. The camera came in its original package along with batteries and a manual. (I only ordered the camera itself.) It's exactly what I needed but it's not vintage.
Mine didn't work sadly. All the pictures came out extremely dark. I was able to return it for a full refund though which is why I left 2 stars.
Perfect
My daughter loved this.  You actually have to teach them how to take a picture by lining up things in the view finder...but she loved having the pictures right away.  We bought it for her birthday and she was able to give her friends pictures at the end of the party.
LOVE! Took this to Miami with me and made a bulletin board with pins thought the trio! Only downfall is it only holds 8 photos & you HAVE to adjust the lighting on the lense or your photo will be solid white!
I am very satisfied with the product. My daughters love it and use it regularly. Only wish the film (cartridges) were less expensive.
These are so cute! But totally junk! purchased one and will not take photos 2 came out ok then the rest are blank...returned and received a new one...first photo came out with white blotches and the rest are white and a few that are totally pale yellow. what a waste! I am returning the second for a full refund and going to purchase a digital camera for my daughter.
I love this little blue camera! I always get fascinated looks when using it and people always smile when they see the film come out right after the picture is taken. I gave it 4 stars as it is great but the device could have so many more improvements and I hope Fuji uses it's success to work on designs and concepts for the next version. Often times the sensor will change like crazy and one moment you are on the right one then the next you take the picture and it is overexposed or too dark. Also it is hard sometime to center the picture as the viewfinder is off to the side and not closer to the center but I always go based off the lenses, but for people not used to the camera they tend to be off the first few tries if you are trying to get them to take a photo for you. Overall great product, warning though the film is pricey so use it wisely.
Takes great photos and selfies!!!
Loved it!
Great idea for scrapbooking and easy to use! My daughter loved it!
Supper fast shipping.!!! Loved my camera & it came with film so pleased.!
Adorable
overpriced instant film cameras pfftt  -_____-
Don't have to wait for film to come back, Perfect.
Bundle price was a great deal. Arrive at the front end of delivery schedule and pictures came out great
I'm in love with the camera, I wish the pictures were larger but they are ok. Also the color of the raspberry one is not like the one on the product pictures, is more like a coral color, it's reddish! I liked it anyway :)
Great instant photo camera for my 9 year old!  She loves it.
Works well and was a hit as a gift. Pictures it takes are neat.
Sent as a gift to my sister and she loved it. Picture quality one of the finest out there.Easy to use and other decent colors available.
Super fast shipment and great product.
very small, perfect for a gift!
What's a party without memories. Tons of fun!
My daughter loves this camera!
As good as shown
My daughter loved it
LOVE IT!!!
Pictures are terrible.  I thought they would be at least as good as the old Polaroid.... not even close.  My daughter took 6 pictures on her birthday - 2 of them didn't even print (but, combined with the next picture she took).
I bought this for my 7 year old who loves to take pictures and thought he should have a hardcopy of his own. The camera came within 2 days of my order and it was perfect. The pictures are clear and look great. The size is definitely not that of the Polaroid pics of my childhood but it's still a good size. He loves the camera so much and I find myself using it as well. Great purchase and will definitely be buying it again as gifts.
I love my camera!
Great camera! Not the best for landscapes but awesome for close ups and party pics
This camera is my new baby,  it's  so simple to use and has great  quality.  There are a few different settings that you can use.  The only downside is that the flash goes off no matter what setting you set it at,  but that is an easy  fix: just cover the flash up ad you're all set! Just a heads up,  the film, is a little  pricey,  but you can get it for a little  cheaper online.
Awesome! Thanks!
Pictures turn out great and I love the color!
great
Awesome item!!!
This camera is great. So much fun. this is the second one that I have purchased. The first was for myself and the second was a gift to a 17 year old. Very reminiscent of the old polaroids.
Easy to use and adorable.
Exactly as described
This camera is all what I was hoping it would be.  Easy to use , clear pictures and perfect size for my 8 year old niece.  This was a birthday gift to her and she loved it!  The film is a bit pricey, but I bought a four pack on Amazon and saved quite a bit of money that way.  My niece goes through lots of film!  It's been dropped more than a few times and has held up quite well.  I'm happy with the purchase.  I ended up buying another one.
Really love it
LOVEEE IT!! the yellow is such a cool faded shade!! Shipped and arrived fast, easy to use and works greaaaatttt!!! It exceeded all expectations!! 100% worth the money!!
This camera is life. I'm sooo happy to have purchased it. It was a steal as I know that in other stores such as Urban Outfitters sell it for 100+ tax... 55 sure isn't a problem for me. Anyway, I am extremely excited for this particular purchase because I had always wanted a polaroid but just now had the opportunity to get one. The camera is very cute and easy to handle; in addition, it's also very convenient and surprisingly simple to use. The film for it is a bit on the pricey side but worth it. Your pictures come out so nice and pretty. I definitely recommend this product for anyone who loves to take pictures and want your camera to look fun and adorable at the same time! I adore it and I think you will too.+ the shipping for this product only took a day... knowing I am an impatient person, this is such a great add on.
I got this as a gift for my boyfriend whose a photographer, and he loves it! Sometimes the photos come out a little overexposed, but you have to toy with it a little to get the perfect lighting. Since I got this product used, it was a little dented up and the lens cover is a little uneven. It still works great and is a very awesome, fun gadget!
It's cute, not top quality.
Obviously I'm spoiled by point and shoot cameras but I find it hard to get the right amount of lighting for a good photo. Something is always too dark or too light. Very fun novelty though. Great for handing a photo to a friend or stranger since they are already printed unlike other photos.
Yes
Excelent!
as expected granddaughter loves itHate the pricey film
So far we have used 1 package of film and no photos have turned out.
I love this camera
Great price and fun for the kids
Great product
Love this camera super cute!
excellent
Everything met my approval.
My 11 year old daughter loves her new camera.  It takes pretty good photos compared to the old polaroid cameras we had in the 80's.  It definitely feels like it is cheaply made.  I feel like if it gets dropped, it wouldn't survive.  It will be going on a trip shortly, so we will see if it comes back in one piece.
Shipped quick, just as described, very happy with this purchase.  Thanks.
Fun and inexpensive
Im so stoked to start using thanks
takes wonderfull pictures
This is so fun best camera for clubbing or birthday parties.
awesome
Arrived on time, product exactly as described.
I love this camera so much! It is very durable and the quality is wonderful. I absolutely recommend this item to anyone thinking about an instant camera.
GREAT
Fabulous
Favorite camera. Hard to figure out the exposure settings, but you'll get it!
Had this at my wedding and it was a lot of fun and easy to use.  Great quality pictures, just make sure you have the right setting on.
This is so cute. I have absolutely no complaints about this product. I's a little bigger than the mini 8. comes in such a cute bundle.
My younger daughter loves hers. Getting the older daughter one for her birthday. Very fun to use and the color is great!
Came exactly as pictured! Love the vintage look of the photos. Super light and easy to use
Got the camera this afternoon and it works awesome! :D I'm super stoked to bring this on vacations and hang outs with me and take polaroid worthy pictures. (:
This camera is amazing, works like a charm. I love the pink design. I brought it to a wedding and it was a hit! It does take some trial and error getting the lighting just right. I wish the image size was a standard Polarioid size, this is slightly smaller.
Great camera!
Works perfectly!!! It is so great for my 9 year old!
I love this camera.
She loved this. It was late.
I love this instant camera! I use it all of the time! It's great quality and gives me so much joy!
Bought it for my little sister and she loves it!!!
Fun camara! Worth the buy! A little bulky but still pretty awesome! Takes cute picture and the quality is good. Just don't take pictures in the direct sunlight because it won't turn out as well!
I love this instax mini, I love it so much I bought the pastel yellow. Great cam!
Great size and color for teens! Super picts too!
Great color and easy to use.
I LOVE THIS CAMERA OMFG!! SO GREAT!
Its a good product
It's really nice. Bought this for my daughter for her 12th birthday.
Got this for my friends baby shower!!! Loooooove it! Works great. Big hit!
Love it
Very nice clear lens and comes with batteries so that was nice ! Only thing missing is the film ! Cute little camera I got it for my hubbys birthday
Awesome. My 9 year loves it for instant prints of pictures she takes.
it's cute and fun to use, but the film gets expensive if you get carried away - i think this is a great idea for scrapbooking, it gives a retro and fun look, but just for everyday use - then no, your phone is better!
Cute camera.. trendy.. my 8 year old loves it. I recommend getting a case for it. we did.
Reminds me of the Polaroid cameras I grew up around, but the pictures are photo booth size. Makes for a great novelty item.
daughter loves it. She wanted this for her birthday and as soon as she got it she was snapping away. pictures everywhere!
Amazing photo quality and really cute camera
Maddy loves her Polorid camera.
This little Mini * FugiFilm Instax Camera was a huge hit at my daughters birthday party. I actually bought this as a gift for her for her Birthday and everyone there went nuts over it along with her.This camera is small and uses the instax mini FujiFilm which is so cute, they are fun size photos that are perfect to carry in your purse or wallet. She actually sent a photo of herself with her daddy when he went on a fishing trip for good luck.This Camera is perfect for kids and adults as well. I actually bought some accessories to go with this and they make the whole photography experience so fun.It is really easy to use, your film comes out instantly and that is one of the other things that makes this camera so great. Once the picture comes out you will need to let it develop which takes no time at all.There is a dial on the front of the camera to get accurate settings for what your are taking pictures of. There is a flash on this cute little camera and it produces nice clear photos.At first i thought this was a little pricey but i am so happy i decided to go ahead and purchase this, it is one of her most prized pieces and i will add she has a cell phone and game systems but takes better care of this than any of those. Great buy!
We bought this for our 7 year old daughter on her birthday. She loves it. It's easy to use and she gets the benefit of seeing her photo right away. Nice color too.
so good
Kids love it, age 11.Complaints they had:-no manual in the box.-high cost instant film.-just decent pictures.
I love this camera. My niece has one that we bought locally. After playing with hers, I had to get one for myself! It's durable and stands up to my toddler carrying it around the house (I don't let her take pics), and has gone on several outings. I purchased on Amazon because the price couldn't be beat! Was able to buy the camera and film on Amazon for the same price as just the camera locally. The photo processing is similar to what it was back in the day, except no need to shake the pic:)
This camera is SO very retro fun.  My elementary-aged kids have never experienced a Polaroid, so this was incredibly unique to them!  Amazing that you get a picture right there!  The quality is that of an 80's Polaroid, so don't expect perfection, but for the novelty we love it.  The film can get expensive, but a three-pack outlasted the kid's attention span for several weeks.
Super cute! Whenever I use it around kids they all want one, lol. Heck, so do their parents! Easy to use, comes in different colors, and so much fun! :)
My câmera doesn't work! It doesn't worth the money
It's a different experience taking pictures that you instantly get to hold and share with physical friends. The camera is well made and designed. The quirky look and color encourage a playful mood for snapping shots. The lighting sensor is great, and having to manually switch the setting lends to the creative process of crafting that perfect print.
It's nice to have the pictures come out instantly, but the turning piece in the front that helps with the lighting doesn't really work. If I turn it, it doesn't change to the setting it is supposed to. Also better on not so sunny days, I tried to take a picture at the zoo, and all I got was a white picture because it was too bright and I couldn't change the settings or anything.
I've always wanted a poloriod camera, and this was the best gift to myself. I love the little pictures that comes out or it. It's also a comfortable hold in the hand. I would totally buy this for someone
Love it
Nice camera
I was VERY pleased with my camera. It takes wonderful pictures and is very easy to use.
My girlfriend loves this!
It's been great so far can't really take photos from a distant but it's still good. My daughter was very happy she got it for Easter.
just received this product using FREE ONE DAY SHIPPING!! As soon as i got my instax i FELL IN LOVE with it. Definitely a great buy. DO NOT buy the instax from urban outfitters or free people. Just know that the color is  LITTLE MORE GREEN THAN BLUE so i would recommend some stickers to put on your instax to personalize it. I used "Kiss my patch" stickers which are super cute patch stickers. Really would recommend this product.
Cute camera and a classic to have at parties. Everyone loves a polaroid
Love it
My daughter is having so much fun with this camera! And I love the blue color.
I love this product. I bought it as a gift for my girlfriend but after receiving it in the mail and taking it out of its packaging I fell in love with it. For a relatively cheap product it is excellent quality that feels good in your hands and is very easy to operate. It came with two double AA batteries that are simple to put in and for an additional cheap price it came with two 10 picture cartridges that are easy to install. I would recommend buying the case for this product, not because its flimsy or not put together well but because it would be such a shame to see such a valuable product damaged. This is an all around great product that is great as a gift or for anyone interested in casual photography. I give this product five stars.
Definitely an amazing purchase. Love the color and it takes pictures very clearly. I got this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves it!
nice camera. no problems what so ever
Beautiful !!!!
Glad I purchased it can't wit to actually use it!
My daughter loves it. Picture quality is as expected for something like this. It would be nice if the pictures were a little bigger. Don't expect the same size as old polaroids. These are about half the size and film is expensive at about $1/picture. Fun novelty item or gift for a teen.
My niece loves this camera! Good quality and so much fun to use!
great
Cute and quirky.  Requires some practice to get a good photo which is normal. The pics are smaller than I expected but adds to the charm and overall fun.
So much fun
This is such a fun camera. My daughter loves it and it actually takes nice pictures.
xmas gift
So cute and just as I expected! Still working on lighting for the best picture quality but nonetheless I'm happy with my purchase. Look around for pricing. After purchasing I did see it cheaper elsewhere. Not on Amazon but a retail store. Regardless I love my new camera.
Birthday gift for granddaughter. She loves it.
Love
Purchased this for a photo booth and it was a HUGE hit!
I love the camera, but unfortunately the strap is missing.
Love This Camera , Takes Great pictures, AWESOME!!!
Love it.
Works great, my wife loves it!
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend over Christmas, and it works amazing!
My daughter absolutely loves this camera. Bought for her 13th birthday. Pairs really well with the camel colored carrying case!
I bought this for my girlfriend for her birthday and she claims that she loves it. I have used it multiple times and have a couple of complaints. When taking photos inside, this camera works really well and takes good pictures. If your outside and it is sunny or at least a little sunny, the camera can not take good photos. They are always washed out no matter what setting you are on. You can barely get an image on the "super sunny" setting. I think polaroids are awesome, but I don't think this one is something I would buy again or even recommend.
works great
Camera did not work correctly and wasted two rolls of film. But, returned easily and quick to give credit.
Fun camera.  Some younger kids are amazed with the instant picture that pops out. Very fun
Amazing and loving it.....
Great camera my daughter loves it!!!
as described quick shipping
My daughter loves this camera. But it's over priced and the film is outrageously expensive. I just paid 65 for the camera and two days later it's 55.
My son used this camera in Ecuador when he went on a mission trip. He stated that it was the right size, and the picture came out beautiful. When he returned home, he was absolutely correct. The pictures were amazing. I will recommend this product to anyone, especially when space is a concerned.
Fantastic camera!
Such a cute camera loveeeee the color it's light weight and sleek. Easy to operate and gives the vintage look of photos I've been looking for. Definitely a must have product!
Great camera for a great price. The quality is also really good.
Great product. Love my camera
I can't give much a review on how well it works yet as I just got it but I'm a little disappointed in the color. I ordered raspberry thinking it was a dark pink but it is not. It's red. Very red. Wish I had known that or I would have ordered the lighter pink one.
Fun little camera!
So much fun :) love it
Just got this today, so can't review on how good it holds up, but I really like it so far! Seems easy to operate and easy instructions with pictures on loading.  It came with batteries (which is cool, didn't notice it said that in the description) The color is deff more of a red than pinkish how it looks on the picture, unfortunately (well, unless you love red!).  I was thinking from the picture it was more of a deep rose pink, really it just seems nearly red, to me. Oh, well, still happy :) :)
It's a modern day Polaroid.....fills a niche
I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas gift and she loves it. She has had no issues with it at all. We use rechargeable batteries in it because it will go through batteries with heavy use. On a side note, what I don't like is the cost of the film and would have liked this to have been a digital camera, so keep that in mind when deciding on this camera but it has nothing to do with how it works. It takes very good pictures from my perspective and that is this is a child's toy camera.
I have no idea why my wife wanted this, but she did and I got it for her as a gift. Pictures must be taken in near perfect lighting conditions to come out nicely. I'm sure the novelty will wear off of this soon and it'll find its way to the bottom of the junk drawer.
My daughter had to have this for her 11th birthday. An instant camera... really? Well she's had to have many things before but this is something she seems to love. After almost a year, It's been on two vacations with us and on many outings. Her bedroom walls are filled with Polaroids taken with her favorite camera. She says she rates this 5 stars.
Been eyeing these cameras for a while. I'm re-doing my room and I want to make a Polaroid photo board of all my favorite people, places, and things. Got this for about $60. Love the color and how simple it is to use.I mean, the film is expensive as can be, but you should know and accept that before buying an instant camera anyway. :)
Very easy to use and takes high quality pictures.
My 11 year old daughter got this camera for Christmas and didn't use it until we went on a beach vacation this month.  Of the two rolls of film we purchased, only one picture she took actually developed.  All the others remained white/blank.  We adjusted brightness setting, etc., to no avail.  She was SO disappointed, it became a major bummer during our trip (she kept trying and trying, based on that one picture that worked).  This is a serious hunk of junk, regardless of how cute it looks.  Absolute waste of money. BTW, I haven't written an online review of anything in five years - this is a testament to how unhappy I am about this purchase.
As expected; wonderful and fun. Much better price than in stores. Love it!
Excellent product!SUPER FAST s/h! Thank you
Love the color!
My 12 year old daughter has wanted one for a very long time, and I purchased it for her for her last birthday. Very competitive pricing which is always a bonus. Seems durable and seems to be high quality.I personally do not like how small the pictures are, they seem slightly pointless to me. But my daughter likes it, it's the 'cool' thing to the kids!
Purchased for my daughter. She loves the instant photos and quality is fairly good.
My friend loved it! it just sucks you have to buy the film separate which is pretty expensive.
cute and fun, but a little cheaper than I expected.  It was fun for the grandkids, but they need supervision so they won't break it.  The film is a bit pricey.
I love these little cameras! I have gifted two of them already to some friends, and they are equally as in love with them!The blue color displayed in the photos is identical to the actual color of the camera. So far, my friends have had no complaints regarding how well the cameras work. Mine is a different color, but since that's just a cosmetic difference, I'll give my personal opinion of my camera.Ease of Use: 4/5 This camera is SO easy to use. While the gist of it is "point and shoot", you may find that your photos are slightly un-centered and off to the left if you solely rely on viewing through the viewfinder. A helpful tip I've mentioned to my girlfriends is that when you think your photo is centered perfectly, adjust your camera ever so slightly to the right, and they will turn out beautifully! Also, make sure to adjust the lighting settings to whatever the camera prompts you to select. If you forget to do this, your photos will almost definitely turn out too dark, or overexposed - and film is NOT cheap!Set Up: 5/5 Super easy to set up. Literally all you do is insert the included batteries. Reading the instructions is very helpful when you're inserting your film for the first time, so make sure you don't throw them away!Price for Quality: 5/5 This camera is worth every penny. It's the cheapest by far on Amazon. While it's also sold at Michael's and Urban Outfitters, they'll charge you upwards of $100/$200, when you can easily buy it online for less. This camera is an investment. Buying film will be the most costly part of owning it, but if you hunt around and compare prices, you can easily find packs of film that save you a few bucks.I adore this camera. Since owning it, I've found that I'm much more selective when taking photos. I won't just take pictures of random things anymore since the film only comes in packs of 10 sheets. I love that the photos print right away, and they're so easy to display and give to people. My camera is always a hit at parties and when we're on vacations. It saves me from having to use up my phone battery while constantly taking pictures, which is definitely a plus! It's very small, and not at all a nuisance to carry around. I purchased a case for it, and have purchased the same cases as an included gift with their cameras. I definitely recommend buying yourself a case and an attachable selfie mirror to go along with this camera!
At first I was displeased because it was not working, but to my luck I got it working. Now I'm super excited and extremely happy with my Fujifilm camera.
This camera is the best! Got it just in time for Easter weekend. Definitely recommend this product!!!!!
So I purchased this camera for my niece that lives in Cali and I gave it to her when we went on our trip to Hawaii and after it took 10 pics the camera just stopped working & I thought let me buy new film maybe it's the film ... Nope waste of 40 bucks on the film cause it didn't work . & I bought the camera ahead of time so I wouldn't have to worry about her gift later and then the camera just stopped working & because of the 30 day return policy I can't return it .. I should've opened it and made sure it worked cause now I wasted a 100$
Im feel so good with it I love it
I'm so glad to see that they brought back the instant camera.  This was a gift and the recipient was so pleased.  I checked out all the different brands and decided that fujifilm was my best choice. And it does take great pictures.  I chose white and the camera itself had a good "feel" to it.  Nice quality and takes really good pictures.  I wish the photos were just a bit larger though.  Of course, the camera would probably be larger too.  We like the compact size.
Too exspecive for something this small and crappy, it's very slippery when you try and hold it. Didn't have th color I wanted in stock....film is very exspecive...hard to find the film in the stores
It came a week early! and was in amazing condition. I absolutely love it and can't wait to take prom pictures with it!
I really like the camera per se, but the specific one that I received had signs of wear. The compartment where the film is placed does not lock completely, which does not affect the performance but it looks awful in a brand new camera. It also had little (but annoying) black stains that I couldn't take away. I am not taking away more stars, even though I should, because the camera is just awesome and I've taking photos like crazy. It reminded the materiality of traditional photography, which is something that we tend to ignore due to digital photography. Being able to look at the process of the chemical record of the light in these photographs is so interesting and fun. I am currently writing one chapter of my doctoral dissertation on analogue photography, so this camera has been the best idea for my procrastination time. Overall, I recommend the product but not the seller.
The best purchase that I've done so far!
I love it! The only downside was film isnt included but i bought it separately. Its so cute and love the color i recommend this too others who want one.
So I just got my camera yesterday and took it out to the park. I really love it. I have a Polaroid 600 camera that I was using before, but this compared to that is so much nicer. The camera itself has a fresh, clean and easy to use look to it. The instructions come in a ton of different languages, but English was easy to find and were simplified in easy how to instructions. Polaroid 600 was a thrifted camera and it was hard to get used to. The insta max camera includes a wrist strap which made the camera easy to carry around tha park. The Polaroid 600 is a neck strap which hurts after an hour. Once I took an insta max photo it came out quietly and quickly. Polaroids always came out loudly. Also with my Polaroid camera it was always a hit or miss with the quality of the photos, but my insta max mini has given me nothing but great ones. I'm very glad I made the swap from that camera to this one. It's will defiantly be on me at all times.
HAVE BEEN USING IT FOR A YEAR NOW. LOVE IT SO MUCH! ALTHOUGH THE FILMS ARE EXPENSIVE, BUT STILL WORTH IT!
Got this for my mother for mothers day I know she is going to love it thank you :)
Great camera, but all the instructions come in Japanese,  my daughter had to watch a few youtube video to make sure she was installing the film right the first time.
Came way earlier than expected and was undamaged. Camera works great.
10 yr. old Daughter loved instant photos
Awesome and fun little camera- super fast shipping too!
Product quit working and it is April 2nd. Tried to return but says it is not eligible. Do not spend your money on this and risk it not working after 2 months.
love it
This little camera is so cute and perfect for tweens!
Absolutely cool camera, bought it for simple use. Surprised how much fun me and the gf have had with it. I havent purchases the special film with designs but the standard gives a classic look.Turns on kinda simple, one push button. Took a second for me to realize that the different lighting options are on the lens. The camera senses the lighting and lights up the most appropriate option.Side notes: Photos are ruined if the flash reflects of a window. Runs on Double AA, insert the film and leave it closed because the "PHOTOS REMAINING" counter resets when the flap opens. You cant upload photos online, weird right? But kinda awesome if you dont want people to see them.
I absolutely LOVE this camera. Super cute, easy to use. Does not come with film, you have to buy that desperately. Great buy, a little expensive but its overall a great camera & gift!!! Totally would recommend.
I absolutely love my Instax! The pictures are cute and vintage looking... Perfect for scrap booking! I take it with me on trips and special occasions and then post my pictures on a corkboard. One downside is the pictures are kind of small but that's not a problem unless you have more than three or four people in the photo. Found out a few days ago how durable this camera was. I forgot it was in my backseat and a bunch of muddy rowdy kids stepped all over it. I just wiped it off and it worked perfectly fine. I highly recommend it's worth the buy!
Brought this for a gift in the end wanted it for myself. Pictures are really great!!! Amazing camera!!!
So amazing and cute love love love it. It came super fast and was such a great price. I wanted one for the longest time and was going to buy one at urban outfitters for $100 so glad I looked around first. Definitely satisfied. Will definitely be buying more as gifts.
In love with my camera!!
I love this camera! For a reasonable price, I think that this camera works great and is very fun to use. I've traveled with it (so I do wish it was slightly smaller) but still fits fine in a large bag. I didn't purchase any case or protective gear for it, and it is still perfectly intact. The quality of the photos is great. I didn't read any of the instructions and figured out how to use it (but probably could learn more about some of the features), so overall pretty foolproof. I like that this particular model is popular enough that you can find a lot of other accessories out there (leather sleeves, photo albums, wood picture holders, etc.). It's really fun to use and I like the white color, which hasn't gotten dirty yet, despite all my travel and throwing it into the main compartment of large purses. Would recommend this.
This camera is absolutely AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! The picture quality is far better than I expected. The camera is a good size, fits in my hand perfectly. It is easy to use. It has different settings, for outside and inside,
good
I like it but only downfall is that if your outside and there's even the slightest of light, the pictures come out bright!!
Works fine and I love how it looks!
This camera has been so much fun so far. I used it on Easter, I use it casually, I use it for anything and everything. It's great for the lazy scrapbooker like myself who does not have time for printing :)
My 13yo daughter got this and loves it. The pictures are smaller than the old polaroids, but cool. She did buy a case to go with it. It does seem durable. The film is pricey though. Overall, Amazon had the best price for a cool blast from the past.
Films expensive , quality of photos very questionable. Other than that, good.
Love
sensitive to light, so you have to be sure and not be in too bright of a room when taking pics.
Bought it for my grand daughter and we had so much fun using it. Pictures are really good.
great price fast delivery good quality  present for my 7 y/o granddaughter, nice starter camera, but film is expensive
Got this for my daughters 11th birthday. She loves it! Being able to have a print right away is amazing to her. It is a good quality camera and other than explaining to her what the settings should be in different types of lighting, there has be no difficulty. And that is only minor.
The product is great. Just what I expected.
My gf lovedd it!!
It's perfect!!
The Fuji film is awesome! Great quality!!
A little pricy for a piece of plastic. But she likes that the pics print out right away. Although the size of the pics is much to be desired.
For a Polaroid it is not bad.  Pictures are small,put the kids love it
Excelent
Absolutely love this camera! Very durable! I've dropped this camera once and still worked great!! A little tricky to get the hang of but over all the camera itself is wonderful! Definitely recommend for any photography lovers like me! Really captures the moment
awesome camera my kiddo loved it and used all the film the first day, easy to use easy to reload film.
Fast delivery, I ordered this 2 nights ago and it already came in even with free ground shipping! The camera is so cute, can't wait to try it out!
Really awesome camera and much fun. Buying film isn't though. But that's how instant cameras are. Still awesome
My daughter is in love with this camera. We purchased it for her for her 8th birthday. While I wish there was more film in each pack to take pics. this camera is absolutely amazing and brings me back to my childhood with poloraid cameras.
WELL THANKS FOR YOUR HELP MY DAUGHTER IS HAPPY,
Works great and my daughter loves it
Gave as a gift, she LOVES it.
Awesome product
Not good for outdoor pictures in bright light or pictures from a distance. Works very well for indoors, up close pictures
Fun
This camera is adorable and it was a great price.
My 10 year-old daughter loved this whole combo - the camera, the case, the film.
Very satisfied with product.
Ordered for my daughter for Christmas. Came in plenty of time. Camera  was exactly how advertised! Very nice camera and worked very well.
I got this as a gift for my 9yr old daughter. She loves it. To me the pictures look great remember it's a polaroid.
Awesome
I must've received a bad camera or film pack, because all my pictures are coming out way too dark, even if the picture was taken in broad daylight. Incredibly disappointed.
Great camera! My sister loved it.
DIG MY MINI 8
perfect size.
Cute little camera for a great price. It's definitely such a great experience being able to capture once-in-a-lifetime moments and being able to keep a physical copy instantly. The only con is that the pictures are on the small side, though they are still cute. They are perfectly wallet sized! Easy to use camera & easily portable, I love it!
We were satisfied , it made my daughter happy... I thought I was getting the instax for 59$ no shopping and I paid $71.04... Not sure what I was charged for.??
Very great camera for kids. Produces high quality photos!
Bought this for my 15 yr old. She loves it. It's easy to use. Pictures have a cool, vintagy look to them.
Pictures look great when indoors, not so great when outdoors. Have attempted to search the Internet to see find a fix or to see what I might of done wrong, but have yet to find a solution.
My granddaughter loved it!
Came right on time. I love this thing. Just remember to order film when you buy it. The best prices are on Amazon for film. Easy to use and great for parties.
Seems like a bit of a novelty item but my wife and I love it. The settings are easy to use, especially if you havent used a film camera since you were a preteen like me.
This is so fun to use
I bought this for my best friend and she absolutely loved this!! It came in perfect condition and brought 2 double a batteries thanks!
Amazing
Muy buena
It's a fun and cute little gadget! It's easy to learn but the pictures are a bit small. They are not as big as old Polaroid pictures; they're about half the size but they still have the same look. Haven't had a single problem with mine and it was here 2 days early!
Loved it!!
Bought for my 10 year old. She loves it and it does the job well.For my part, I thought it was expensive for a camera that only takes instant photos. It would have been better value if it also had the capability to take digital photos as well.  And we there is the expense of buying film as well.... which also is not cheap.  But apart from that, its lots of fun, looks great and seems well made.
Little small photos , could be a little bigger
Cute and amazing
I  bought this camera for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it !!!  Its fun and compact.  Great for fun pics and instant pics  Easy to use, you can produce high-quality, credit-card sized photos in an instant. The camera features a brightness adjustment dial that allows you to take pictures anytime, anywhere—indoors, Pictures come out great and in seconds. I'd recommend it for anyone trying to get a gift for any occasion.
I purchased this camera for my daughter's 5th birthday. She loves this camera.  Yes, the film is a little pricey but if used in moderation, it's worth the money.
fun camera
This is a great little camera. Both of my children have one and enjoy taking pictures
Spent about 40$ on film and the camera. I took about 12 photos and then suddenly it stopped working. I never dropped it and I've changed the batteries multiple times. Can't return it now.
I love love love this camera!! I wish the films were a little cheaper but these are rare items and it is so much fun with it. When asking people to help you take a photo, everyone gathers around for the final product, it is a great fun product for those that love photography.
I'm in love with mine!!
Love this camera.
My 15 year old daughter has so much fun with this ! She loves it. Film is a bit pricey, but worth it.
This product is amazing. It does what its suppose to do. Easy to us. I would recommend this for people who are looking for polaroid cameras. The beauty of this product is that it has "hi-key" which is one of their product updates.I love this product. But u have to make sure u use every shot wisely. Coz ones u press on it, its done. And remember that the "see through" hole is highwr than where the lens of the camera is. So i would adjust it a little bit higher. Adjust the setting, adjust the view, focus and ur good to go 👍🏻
I got mines yesterday! It is so much prettier in person. Everything looks good I'm just waiting for my film to come. I highly recommend it especially since I got it for $50.
My kids think this is the most amazing thing ever! They love seeing the photos come right out. Easy to use, even for kids.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera.  Bought it to be used as a way to have a party favor for a kids birthday.  They loved the pictures and a fun way to have a momento.
Love it! Got it for a party in May, been using it since I received it a week ago. Can't put it down.tip.... the picture turns out down and to the left of what you are aiming at.  So don't line up perfectly in the sight or you may miss the top part of the picture you're trying to take
Bought this for my girlfriend as a surprise. She has not stopped using it and I might consider buying one for myself
So cute, I really love it. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I haven't gotten to play around with it too much but I've taken pictures and I love them. Definitely worth the money, great quality snapshots as well
Happy Happy
Just received this camera today. I purchased it for my daughter's birthday gift, and live it do far. We have taken 6 pictures so far and they came out great! They are very similar in quality to the pnes I remember as a kid with my mom's Polaroid. S uper easy to use even with rudimentary instruction manual.  so far no problems as some reviews state, we will see as time goes on. But for now, for a $50  instant camera , I would definitely recommend this!
Very fun little camera.  Just be careful not to toss it around too much as the plastic scratches easily and I can see how pieces may become loose if not taken care of properly.
Camera met all my expectations and then some.  Having lots of fun with camera.  Also purchased the bundle which included a carrying case and other items.
I love this camera so much!!! It's hard to take pictures on extreme sunny days but I'm getting better at it... It's super fun to have it on parties to take pictures with friends
Got this for my daughter. Boy does she love it! The pictures are much smaller than the Polaroids that I remember.  Would buy again, it's a great price.
Very good!
Ease to used very handy
Daughter really likes this.  Easy to use and takes responsibly good pictures.  Some fun accessories you can use too.
Not sure what is wrong- either my camera or the corresponding film packs are defective. My pictures develop roughly 20% of the time. I am using the camera correctly and do everything the same each time, only 5 pictures out of the 20+ I have taken have developed, the rest are black and now I've wasted over 1/2 my film. I don't think it is a problem with the shutter, and I use the correct flash setting each time. Super disappointed with the entire situation. :(
Got this gift for my 15 year old sister for Christmas.  She absolutely loves it and can't get enough of it.  The perfect gift for a teenage girl!
Its perfect
Good fun.
I love it! It's very cute! Originally $100 or more but got the same thing here in Amazon for less. Happy with my purchase :)
I have a new respect for those who take photos with instant cameras. It's not as easy as I thought it would be, but I love my new camera!
Just love this camera.  The color is so pretty.  I get a lot of compliments on this camera. Takes good pictures.
I love my new camera, it's so small and easy to use:) recommend it to any one that likes the outdoors and photography
Love this camera!!  Camera is easy to operate.  Picture quality is great for an instant camera.  The raspberry color looks pink in these images but is actually more of a red color.  Great gift for our daughter!
I adore my camara! Love it , it arrived on time and the pictures come out great worth every dollar
My daughter love it!! This was her birthday present. For the price we paid, the quality of the product is really good.
Wife and I love this little camera. Nostalgia in the old school instant photo. Clear pics. Fast. Small and compact. Love this camera.
This couldn't work better! I absolutely love the simplicity of this product, and the price. I work in an Assisted Living community, and bought this for an event. Resident's loved getting their pictures taken, and I had a blast doing it.The only thing I would change is that it can only take 10 pictures before changing film.
Amazing quality. I would definitely recommend you and your friends to buy this camera. It's exactly worth the price and it's exactly what you see on YouTube and in pictures. It's super cute and really easy to use if your looking for a gift to give to someone this would also be great for that too. I love photography and I really wanted to get a camera that was cute and affordable.... So I found Fujiflim and I was hooked my mom and dad bought me one not to long ago (February 25, 2016) and I honestly don't regret buying it. The only thing was that I didn't order film when I got mine and there wasn't any film in the stores so I had to order my on Amazon. Amazon is literally your Bestfriend when buying film and other cute accessories I hoped I helped and I really hope you enjoy your camera! ❤️
I love it!! I was so happy when I recieved it!!
Perfct idea for a gift.
I wish it came with a free package of film instead of just purchasing it
So fun! My daughter loves it. Film is pricey but worth the fun.
This is absolutely perfect for snapping pictures on the go to keep. The auto setting definitely needs to be fine tuned but you can just change your settings yourself to fix that problem. I've gone through 2 film packs so far and I've only had it a week.
This has got to be the best poloroid I have had since I was a little girl. Sometime the light does not swith but the setting changes even if the light doesnt move.
I love this camera! It's hard to take a good photo at first because of the light, but with practice I got some very nice photos.
The camera worked good. The only thing we saw different was the box was marked raspberry but the color was a little "orangier" color than the case color. Both were marked raspberry. But our granddaughter said it was ok. She liked it.
Great product, great timing!
Love it!
Terrible. Never worked from the minute we got it. Left it in a box till we were outside of the return window and now we're stuck.
Best investment I have ever made. No problems what so ever
I love it! I ordered same day shipping and it got here five hours later! It works so well and it's super fun to use!
The camera is very good, the pictures turn out very clear and beautiful. However, it's a shame that the film costs so much and is a very small amount, but otherwise it's a fun investment and is much more affordable than a professional camera.
This is a magical product!  I work at a school, so imagine whenI tell kids I'm going to take their picture and it magically appears!Crazy!  Fun!  Love the color! My boss just bought one after shesaw the beautiful pictures!
this is very good
5stars
Purchased this camera for our young granddaughter's birthday and she is absolutely thrilled with it! ... and so are we.  The camera is easy for her to use.  The quality of the photos is surprisingly crisp and clear.  It's a great way to introduce children to the creative side of photography.
I love this! It's so cute and it was easy to assemble and the pictures are really small and adorable! Sorry for the random flying photo in the picture i posted haha.
Pictures are very poor quality. Would not recommend
Absolutely love this product! It's light and easy to carry in a purse, even if you don't have the special case for it. It also has multiple settings, from indoor to cloudy to very sunny, and the flash works great. It's fairly easy to use and you can take 10 photos before having to switch to the next cartilage. Fun way to save those special moments!
Fast shipping everything is ok so i am happy
Perfect for my romantic vacation
I love it
The 6 yr. old loves her camera and used up all of the film immediately. The photos are a little small and the quality isn't the best, but it works for a child
don't hesitate to buy this camera, it's nostalgic! sure film is a bit pricey...but who said to take photos of every damn thing you see? be conservative and take photos that are actually significant. in other words don't waste your film on bullspit you can photograph with your phone.
Got this for my girlfriend (now fiancé) as one of her Christmas gifts. Easy to use and simple to replace film. The photos are rather small if you're comparing to the vintage "Polaroid" but fun and good quality  nonetheless. Camera also has different settings for different lighting environments which is a plus. Downside would be that replacement film is expensive.
Love the camera can't beat the price . Received camera in 2 days free shipping with Amazon prime I am a very satisfied with Amazon
super awesome! the camera itself is cute and the pictures are awesome quality for a polaroid!~
Came with a few scatches on some places of the camera.....still cute but would've better if it was in a good condition
Actually purchased this for my five year old daughter (moms a photographer) so she loves having a camera of her own, and it's easy enough for her to use, I just have to change the film out for her.
Love my new camera.
The photo setting is a little strange. If you're indoors, most likely your photos will be washed out because the flash is too bright. We read that you can counteract this by adding a little bit of scotch tape in front of the flash. That seems to have done the trick!
Super cool and fun. Expensive film is about the only downside.
Love it! Nephew loves to play with it. Great nostalgia product. It's nice to have an actual photo on hand. The film is a little expensive but worth it. Very easy to use even for a child.
Our dughter needed an instant camera for a school project and we found this one to be a great buy. Highly recommended...
I love it so much. I dont regret buying it at all. Its fun and easy to use and way cheaper here than at the stores.
Cutest thing ever! We love it! Great quality!
This product came on time and as shown. Works great and easy to use. Love it!
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. I purchased this with the Mudder Retro Leather Case, and it worked out really well. Shipping was fast, too!
Great camera! Hard to figure out settings at first.
It surprisingly takes good pictures.  I bought the extra attachment for taking selfy which makes the camera looks even cuter. So far so good.. Very easy to use. The only downside is the bulkiness
Awesome and fun. Good for a little board and some old school photographing.
I love it!
OMG I LOVE THIISSSS. No issues, great quality, came in perfect condition. <3 I love this.
Everything came perfectly, thank you.
I love it. Still getting used to it and in order to get used to it you need to take many pictures which can be costly. If you dont mind spending money on the film than this is perfect.
My daughter loves this camera! Good quality!
I love this camera. The Polaroids are obviously smaller than the classic old school Polaroids, but I still love them !!
Bought it for my grand daughter. She loves it. It takes great pics
Excellent!!
Great Camera
great camera
Purchased this for my gf and she loves it! Pictures come out looking great
Absolutely love it. I've been taking many pictures with it in all kinds of different lighting and they come out great. Shipping was fast.
Arrived faster than I expected ! So in love
Love this camera. I was looking for a Polaroid camera a while ago thinking I was being originally in this day and age. Of course the second I get mine in the mail I start noticing everyone with the same camera. Either way it's cute, light, and takes good pictures.
good
I've done the setup correctly but the camera won't turn on
Great camera
Very good ,it even came before the dates assigned for it.
I just got me camera a few days ago. I was so happy with it but suddenly it broke! I mean it just fell off from the car seat to the car ground and that happened! I was looking for the warranty but funnily they don't cover "accidents" i mean if u don't cover this what will u guys cover! So disappointed.
Great camera, daughter loves it!
Bought as a gift for my cousin, and she loved it. Was exactly what she was looking for and i knew by the description that she was going to love it. Shipped very fast and didn't have any problems with it upon opening. Everything worked right out of the box.
great camera
I've wanted this camera for years and always told myself I didn't need it, well I decided I needed it, and I love it. The pictures come out great, it's so fun to take cute little photos of my friends and write the date on them so I can keep these memories close to my heart! And the pink color of the camera is just a bonus.
My granddaughter was very pleased with her present.
Absolutely love
Love it!
Happy happy happy!!!
Didnt include batteries like in the description
I'm very happy, it's exactly what I expected.
Great camera for keeping memories. Tested the camera with 2 film and one was used with a selfie lens. So far so good
I love it
In love!! This camara is awesome!! Takesgreat pictures is light in weight!! It's just perfect!!
Birthday gift for my niece, and she LOVES the camera. Fast shipping, and it arrived a few days before her birthday!
LOVE IT!!!! My only complaint is mine did not come with batteries so I had to buy my own. Besides that everything was perfect.
Great for exactly what I wanted, the old feel of a Polaroid for todays age.  It does look a little strange and feels a little strange in your hand, like a hamburger you're trying to grasp with mittens.  Great for parties though, the instant feel is great and is a wonderful momento.  In most dark places the flash gets the subject lit up quite well.
Sent it back. My step daughter complained it took bad pictures. Didnt work properly.
This camera is soooo amazing, I love it! The Polaroids are kinda small, but I dont mind. Well worth the price. The photos are of GREAT quality!
So much fun!  Vintage quality, instant Polaroid photos.  My creative 7 year old easily operates it, and her big sister, and mom, and dad, all want their own!  Highly recommend.
This camera won't print out my pictures correctly they're just white...
I got this camera for my daughter for her 14th birthday. She wanted this for Christmas but I was unable to get for her at the time. She is a picture kinda girl. She loves taking pictures of her self and her friends.This camera takes nice clear pictures. I am surprised at the quality of the pictures you get from this little camera. This is great for them that like to scrap book because there pictures are instance and you get great pictures. My daughter wanted the black one but you have other colors to choose from so you can pick the perfect color for you. This camera is small so it is easy to have on you for them camera moments. If you choose you can also get the case with the camera. This camera cost me $69.00 dollars which is worth every penny but now I see it for $49.00 so you should grab yours now. I think this is a perfect gift for teenagers.This product was purchase for normal pricing and this is my honest and unbiased review.
Love this camera! It is great for parties! Everyone always asks me where I got it at and wants a pic. The film is kinda expensive but worth it!
The qualitiy of the picture is not always the best
The ítem arrived just on time and it was perfect! I recomend the seller. On the other hand, I traveled to Europe a few days ago and the camera isn’t  too resistant to the cold weather. Photos took a long time to appear and the quality wasn’t the best. Even so, I love it!
got exactly what I ordered! personally wish that I had gotten a different colour as the colour in person looks slightly childish to me but I still like it! the pictures develop in about 5 minutes, and the instructions on how to take a picture or set up the camera weren't very clear but thanks to YouTube videos I figured it out. overall it is exactly what I bought and expected so very good!
Cute camera! Takes a few pics to get the hang of what settings to use but we have fun using it to snap pics!
This makez picture taking extra fun. Cool retro effect. The only negative I found is that you need plenty of light, or the photo is a little distorted.
This camera is so fun!!!  I bought it as a gift and plan on buying on for myself soon. I have used the one my sister has and think it is great for small parties and group events to be able to take pictures and have instant gratification. It is very easy to operate and film is pretty cheap and also easy to get. Its a novel fun toy and makes for a great gift too
The camera is amazing!!!! Very clear! The only thing I will say about this SELLER is that the attach a photo as if film is included. Besides that item came quickly and was exactly what I anticipated.
Love it- fast shipping, everything as posted :)
Love it!!!! Easy to use! So much fun!
Exactly as pictured , I was so scared of getting scammed and now I'm so happy I didn't !!! Yay can't wait for the film to come in the mail to use it !!
This Fuji camera is Amazing and worth every penny!!! Easy to use & Pictures come out phenomenal! Everyone in my family loves it!!
Love it!
I bought this for my 7 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it! She has so much fun taking pictures with it and watching them develop right before her eyes! I will say that it can be fragile. She accidentally dropped it in a carpeted area and the front part of the lens popped off.  Luckily, we were able to get it back on.  Even without it, it didn't really effect the function of the camera.
This camera is super simple to use. I love the retro look of it. It is perfect for a teenage girl that is all about selfies with her friends, but it could be perfect for many other people. I, personally, got it for work reasons to help thank people for referrals. I had previously been taking pictures with a  phone, emailing them to myself, downloading them to the computer, then to finally print them out, and cut them to size. This was a truly daunting task. Now, I can simply have the picture in a matter of minutes. The pictures are not great quality. Honestly, they have a vintage look to them. I do feel in this day and age that Fujifilm could have improved the clarity of the photos, which is the reason for the 4 stars. Otherwise this is great camera. I do think it has a slippery texture that could make it prone to dropping and the wrist strap is a must have. It doesn't come with film, unless stated, which is also kind of frustrating. I felt like they should at least add in a few for practice. Also, there is no way to store the pictures digitally. Maybe that will be a feature in future models.
Fun little camera.  Bought as gift.
Perfect camera nothing more to say
I did not get what I ordered this is the second time this happen, in the picture it showed you the one you are ordering and you expect it to look like that....  The one I got looks exactly like the one in the photo except the words on the corner of the camera. The one I got looks weird and cheap.
Love this Camera, the pictures are a little low quality, but that's kind of the point isn't it?
Ordered 3/11 and was delivered 3/12!!! Assembling was easy, clear instructions. Great picture quality and easy to handle. Cant wait to go on a trip!
Used this camera for a selfie station at our Halloween wedding. Absolutely so much fun. Loved the high quality pics our friends and family left for us!
I thought this camera was very cute so I picked this up for my girlfriend. I have the old model as well, but this new model is much better cause it comes with limited edition accessories. It comes with special Hello Kitty film that is only available with this camera, stickers, and a shoulder strap. It is still the same point and shoot camera that prints out the film instantaneously. On the lower back of the camera, a small circle displays the number of film you still have left to shoot. This new model comes with an extra mode thats perfect for selfies. My girlfriend loves the new one I got her and gave me her old one to use.PROS:- Limited edition accessories- Extremely cute and fashionable- New high-key mode (takes brighter pictures with a soft look)- Prints photos out instantaneouslyCONS:- NONEIf you get this 40th anniversary Hello Kitty model, I advise getting a case for further protection first and a film book. If you want your girlfriend to love you more, I definitely recommend you to get this for her. It's a very inexpensive present that brings joy to most girls.
Ordered for my 8yr old daughter and she loves it! Very neat, works great.
Super fun!
love it. the color is nice and easy to use
Awesome camera, purchased for my daughter's 5th birthday. Film is a little pricey.
Love and works perfectly.
I bought this for my teenage daughter for Christmas as a fun thing to have! It takes great little pictures that the kids love to trade right away! It really has been a fun thing to own!
Enjoy it very much
Loved it!! Oh my gosh it is so cute, works awesome, shipping was fast, and even though it was refurbished it worked good as new
This is the cutest camera...I bought for my 10 yr old granddaughter's birthday...after a little help from mom to get the settings just right..they had a ton of fun taking photos all throughout the sleeper over. ..much giggling did the photos generate.. fun fun fun
I love this camera ! i bought this for my daughter and she loves taking pictures with it , plus it is so vintage. The only drawback is that you have to constantly buy film and they cost about $20-$36 . We are going to South Padre Island for spring great and this is the perfect thing to take with you , its not as heavy as a professional camera but it has the same quality as a professional camera !
I was a little bit confused about the brightness dial setting but after reading the manual, figured out that the setting is adjusted automatically. You can choose to put the dial at the darker setting to get a softer picture. Easy to use! Can't wait to use it during my travels.
I recently bought this camera, and used it for the first time yesterday. However, the first three pictures I took did not develop right. It develops a little but for the most part the picture is white. I wanted to know if I could get a different one.
Took this to Cuba to hand out picture's, a huge success!
This was a birthday gift for my Granddaughter . She was excited to get it and said all the kids are using them. I haven't seen a picture taken yet , but it sure made her happy getting this camera .
I got this for a gift, she loves it!
I purchased this camera for my trip to Hawaii. The first day I used it.. It worked great. I was able to take photos inside and outside. The second day I used it, it began to not take photo... It would take the picture but not print the image... Wasted several sheets of photo paper. I tried to adjust the fail to change the setting to inside and outside.. There are 5 setting choices. The fail would not work.. The red light would blink to all the choices than get stuck on inside setting. Will you can not take pictures outside on that setting so you waste a lot of film. With that said.. Once you get setting set the pictures are great!
I love it
Came in great condition I recommend to everyone
love it
Awesome and fun camera to use! Love the instant pictures. I love this color as well,  it's a pastel yellow. I just use the different instructions and tricks on youtube from diff vloggers. Great buy! Best price I've seen so far, glad I made this purchase.
No problems went well
Just as pictured and fast shipping.
This camera is so cool and cute! its little and the picture quality of the Polaroids are surprisingly really clear. Defiantly a good buy
I didn't think much of it at the$$ but daughter loved it
I love it so much. The only thing is that when you center it it goes to the right a bit
Love love love! Still trying to get used to the flash settings, but other than that it an amazing little camera!
Purchased for my 10 year old for Christmas. She loves it. Having instant pictures is great! They are small so they don't take up a lot of space.
OMG THIS CAMERA IS THE BEST THING GOING FOR FUN INSTANT PRINT AT YOUR FINGER TIPS AM OLDER THEN THE NORMAL TEEN AM AN ADULT AN WE HAVE SO MUCH FUN I KNOW THAT THE SD CARDS FOR CAMERAS HAVE TAKING OVER OF COURSE CAUSE TIME MOVES ON BUT IT GREAT TO SEE A COMPANY BRING BACK SOMETHING OLD BUT TO MAKE IT A LITTLE NEWER TO KEEP YOU IN THE LOOP, HONESTLY I USE THIS MORE THAN MY SD CARD CAMERA FOR I GET MY PICTURE INSTANT JUST LIKE THE OLD POLIROID CAMERA BACK IN THE DAY BUT WITH A MORE SWIFTIER LOOK AN STYLE PLUS IT COMES IN MANY COLORS I WOULD ALWAYS HAVE BE AN OWNER OF ONE IF YOU DON'T HAVE THIS BUT YOU LIKE KEEPING UP TO DATE WITH THE SD CAMERAS THEN AT LEAST GET IT FOR YOUR KIDS OR GRANDKIDS FOR THERE FIRST CAMERA I BOUGHT THE GROOVY CASE AN XTRA FILM FOR IT AN ILOVE IT
It was great
Worth the price!
Camera arrived very fast and in perfect condition. I love it already I can't wait to use it. Perfect size for traveling
This camera is fantastic!Originally, I got this camera because my friend bought one in Korea, in a pastel yellow. It's light weight, and completely easy to use. All you do is put in the AA batteries, a film pack, and voila! You're ready to use the camera. It has settings, "in doors," "cloudy," "sunny," "very sunny," and "hi-key." The wrist strap is also a nice addition, because I drop things very easily.
I recently took a trip to the Grand Canyon and Red Rock, I brought this camera along to capture the beauty of both places on film. All of my pictures turned out spectacular aside from a select few, (however, that is my fault - the place I was taking a picture was a bit too dark, so make sure there is enough brightness available for the picture). This was definitely a rewarding buy.
Awesome! Exactly what I expected:)
Very fun camera to have ! Friends got a big kick out of it when they could see the pics right away. Just like the 70's camera but the pictures come out a bit smaller but very clear.
Camera is so cute! Easy to use and produces fantastic pictures. SO excited to take it everywhere.
Love this camera and the color! I got it because it was slightly cheaper and fell in love with the color!! Definitely recommend
Great camera for kids.
This was a gift. I was hoping they had put a sample film with it.
I love this little camera but I wouldn't suggest for people 18+. It's really fun at first but then it's just another thing lying around. I got one for my 8 year old sister though. She definitely took more interest in it longer than I did.
Fun stuff, my 11 year old loved it, it was a gift.  Her dad and I took turns using it as well, it was great! Thanks for the fun!
It is great it came quickly, brand new, just like what you would buy in a store except cheaper it is such a beautiful color. I am so happy! Thank you guys so much for it :)!!1
love it
Easy to use instant camera, although the resolution of the picture is not as I was hoping I'd still buy it again, maybe as a gift
love it
awesome camera my daughter loves it
I bought this camera for my niece for christmas she LOVED it! the quality of the pictures is amazing its was a great choice
My daughter Loves This!!
Its adorable, the color is more red than raspberry. Other than that it amazing and my daughter loves it.
I love it.
I purchased one of these for my grandson's Christmas present and had to purchase another for my granddaughters 6th birthday.  As you would guess, the film doesn't last too long, but the children love it!
I got this as a gift for my girlfriend. She absolutely loved it! We couldn't stop taking pictures of each other! The quality of the photos is awesome considering its a mini Polaroid. Definitely satisfied and I recommend to any and everyone!
Great Buy! So much fun!
No idea why yellow was the cheapest but okay.Works great, very simple and easy to use for casual point and shoot. Not trying to earn millions of instagram virtual dollars with this.
To date, I've purchased five of these cameras as gifts, for work, and for personal use, and they never fail to bring a smile to anyone's face. It's small enough to stuff into a mid-sized purse, and the variety of settings are handy, too. I bring my Instax camera everywhere, and have posted the photos on our wall and also strung them together on twine with glittery clothespins. I've had my Instax for two years now and haven't ever encountered any trouble with it, and it's had its fair share of falls and drops! Highly recommended.
I don't understand why these are so popular in the age of super sharp cell phone photos.  However,  my daughter loves it and is having fun with it.
I really missed my old instant camera ,so I got this one and some film delivered  and wow , this is so much fun . the camera is light and smaller than I thought but the color was definitely more coral not raspberry . its easy to use and came with wrist strap and batteries instructions in all languages . it was so fun to show my Grand kids what this thing did , they just looked as that picture develop and were so amazed .Best thing to see
Very cool camera. Easy to operate, we really enjoy it. And the price was very reasonable. Keep up the good work Fuji!😊😊😊👍🏻
It took a little bit to get used to it, in order for the pictures to come out great, but after that it's great!
It takes great pictures just small but plain
I LOVE my fujifilm instax mini, so much fun to use and the quality of pictures are great.
Great camera to get someone as a gift!
Pleasant surprise-serves the purpose.
She loves this so much!  Fun to see kids love something they actually have to wait for!  Reminds me of the old Polariods of my childhood!
Such a fun and cute camera but buyer beware...If you are a person who is use to digital, its nothing like it. It seems like common sense but its a bit of a shock to realize they're not coming out like your cell phone images. I grew up with 35mm and polaroids and I have to readjust my way of taking pix but if you have never been raised that way, my guess is... it will irritate you. The viewfinder isn't directly through the lens, so your pix will be off set a little then what you aimed for and the pix are darker and nothing like the brightness of what your use to, so you have to practice with distance and the flash. I practically wasted a whole package of film to get reacquainted with the way old school photo taking was. I think its a great road trip, being goofy in the car and with friends kinda camera and also great for a little kid that doesn't really care how their images turn out, just excited that it's instant.  Im glad I purchased it and would buy it again. Its a simple camera that takes me back to simple times and just having fun.
nice!
My daughter loves this ! Very happy with her gift.
I ordered this camera on a sunday and arrived at my house on a monday in which i am very pleased with the shipping (I have Amazon Prime). The camera came in the original real packaging. The product comes with batteries for camera, a strap, and of course the camera its self. Im very happy with product everything has worked just fine and I've had no problems at all! I do recommend this product to anyone with no doubt!
Granddaughter loves it
Awesome!!
This is awesome totally love it #socute need film tho ;( that's ok I'll just get it from Amazon #bestplacetoshop love my new instax mini ahhhh
