The best
Takes decent pictures inside, not so good outside
Excellent camera for a photo booth. We used this at my husband's birthday party to let guests take pics as sort of a photo guest book. The photos came out well, and it made for a fun time as well as a nice keepsake.
love it! true to color. takes good pictures and fun to use.
Cute camera.  Really does the job.  I use the photos to make photo groupings.
Love this camara. Cheap and good.
Adorable and works very well. I like the auto flash and all the settings. It seems durable and everything is in working order (the lights, film countdown, flash, etc). I hope it lasts!
10/10 exactly what I expected takes clear and pretty pictures
Nice and cute
Bought this for my teen daughter, she is loving it.
I love this camera! It takes some time getting used to how to properly use it, but I was surprised to see the quality of the pictures. I have taken more than 30 pictures so far, and with the exception of a couple of pictures, they turned out great. One thing I have noticed is that the light settings indicator above of the lens can be sensitive in times of clouds and high light. So make sure you have the dial turned on the right light before the picture.It's fun, fashionable, and very light to carry. I do recommend a purse/case to hold your camera and some extra film. The purse my girlfriend has been using for the camera is the "CAIUL Instax Mini First Generation Zipper Universal Camera Case", and it has more space to hold other belongings. One last recommendation is the wallet album  for the photos; unless you plan to have the pictures organized in some type of collage, the wallet album is a perfect way to store them.
fun
It's really good and I love it
Like
It was aright
I had a Poloroid camera as a kid that I loved, so I decided to give this one a try. The pictures are slim and smaller than the old school instant cameras. The picture quality is heavily based on which light setting you select. The fickle lighting setting is truly the only downside the the camera, but after some practice I have gotten better at selecting the right setting.
Great product! One of my friends had this during a bachelorette party and it was a major hit! That weekend I went online and purchased this Polaroid camera! I have had it now for about a year and a half and still use it without any problems!! At first it took some figuring out as far as which setting to use to get the look of the picture I wanted but after playing around with it am very satisfied!!
I had always wanted a polaroid camera. The camera IS SO CUTE AND HANDY when you're traveling. I love how you can take pictures anywhere and it comes out right away. The cameras really cheap but the only bad thing is how the film cost so much. I recommend buying 100 packs of film so the films would be cheaper. But I STILL LOVE HOW THEY DEVELOPED THE PICTURES SO FAST
fun camera.  easy to use.  wish the film was less expensive.
We bought a couple for a party, we had a photo guest board rather than a book guests sign.  It takes a bit of time to get the photos lined up but within a couple shots we had it down.  When outdoors during daytime don't use flash as they may look overexposed and you'll waste film.  The power button is not obvious but overall we were very pleased with these and they were very convenient.  The film, size is small so not like the old 70's polaroid's but yet small enough to put in your wallet if you wanted.
LOVE this camera!  I grew up in the 80's and 90's and used a few different versions of the Polaroid camera -- which were such a phenomenon in the days when you couldn't see the photos you took before getting a roll of film developed.  The instant photo hasn't lost its thrill, even though digital cameras are now the norm.  Love this for taking fun, spontaneous photos and still getting to be surprised at what develops!
Perfect camera for the perfect moments. I recommend to take pictures during the daytime when the lighting is great, dark pictures still come out but not as great as day light ones.
Awesome camera. My son loves it. It works just like the old Polaroid cameras from when I was a kid, but the pictures are about half the size.
The camera itself is very cute, about photo quality i been able to take very nice photos when the day light is good but the sun is not very strong, even though it has the filters and flash i wont recommend using it when is too dark or at night because it only captures the nearest and lighters objects, other than that we need to remember is a instant photo so the resolution is not perfect but you can get very nice pictures.
I love this product!
Super cute camera! I get a ton of compliments! I adore the color of this camera
I bought this camera for my daughter's birthday for her and her friends to take pictures in a "photo booth" with props. It was a HUGE hit! Using the camera is beyond easy, and her friends could take their pics home. Definitely recommend!
I love this so much!
Nice product for the price.  Pretty and simple...good design.
The camera was a hit at my kids birthday party.
I love this camera! There's something very nostalgic about using a "instant" camera and the bright yellow color is so cheerful!
I'm absolutely in love with this camera it meets all of my expectations I actually got this camera on the 21 of July and its stunning takes great vintage looking photos perfect for all occasions its a great price my total was nothing to what retail is  and I got the camera the case and two packs of film so it's so worth it
Loved it was amazing to plenty of pictures with it going to need more film but definitely really good product to use my friend loves her camera best product ever have to say.
My daughter loves this.  Hard to believe the insta-matic is coming back. In the age of digital, the excitement of taking a picture as an instant tangible memory is contagious.
Great Camera ~ love it to pieces
my son loves it
granddaughter loves it
awesome old school but new school Polaroid camera best buy also comes in different colors
Bien cool
The camera came defect where the exposer light isn't changing to a different setting. Everything else is perfect though!
Got this for my 26 year old daughter. She liked it but it isn't really practical. She had some fun with it but got bored with it. I bought one for my 15 year old also and the same thing...fun for a while but bored with it fast.
Film not included
Absolutely LOVE this camera
Thanks!
this is rarely out of my daughter's hands...a great buy.
Big hit at my daughter's first birthday party! So much fun!
LOVE this camera! It takes a little getting used to the different settings, especially in the sun! This is my favorite new toy!
It came in very quick in two days of me ordering it looks perfect
great for kids
I bought this for a friend's 18th birthday to surprise her (along with packets of film) and she LOVED it. It's perfect for summer break - to capture memories with friends - and can become a really cute DIY wall decoration too. Definitely purchase this for a teen's gift if you don't know what to get them. High quality too.
Best thing I have investided in, you're pictures come out Instantly instead of having to go somewhere and pay to take them out of a different camera
I purchased this camera for my 14 year old. My daughter and her friends love it! I admit I want one too!
Real cool for those of us who had the original in the 80s.
The pictures are smaller than I imagined, and the film is expensive at my local store, but it's great and I love it.
Love it!!! I was so excited to get it! It came in way faster than it was supposed to, but I'm not complaining!  I love how the pictures come out. They look like the old polaroids. Worth my money and its cheaper here than it is in store
Granddaughter loved it
I adore this camera! It's so much fun and very easy to use, as long as you read the directions and properly understand how to use the automatic light sensor. I got it expecting to take basic pictures with it- nothing fancy, and it has exceeded expectations. My 4 year old can use it with no issue, and I love that I can teach her basic photography skills with it. The pink color is super adorable too.
Love it!!
I love love love this camera.. Always a hit no matter where I am people love getting little photos as a gift=)
Very cute fast shipping
I gave it to my cousin for her birthday and she absolutely loved it!
Make my wife really happy and the vacation was much more fun with the memories!
NA
REcommend 100%
So easy to use! And impressive not only with speed of capture but clear crisp quality of photos! Our tween loves it!
was a gift but she loves it! Love the instax series.
Love using this camera. My husband and I used it at our wedding (the guests had their photo taken and then placed it in the guestbook along with their message/signature) and several times since then (honeymoon, graduations). It's always a popular hit.
obsessed. completely suggest getting one of these
Oh you hipsters and trying to bring the polaroid back to popularity. I actual like it. Finally something that is cool but not pretentious. The camera works great and the build quality is good. It was easy to use and a huge hit at the party.
I just love this so much!
The camera worked so well for the dyi photo booth at my sister's wedding. The guests loved the camera, and the pictures looked great.
One of the gifts for a granddaughter's graduation.  She really loves it.  Some of her friends already has it so she knew exactly how  it works.  Also picked up some film packs to get her started immediately.  It's kind of a fad throwback thing in her girl group.  Easy to use.  She is 13 and was taking snaps in 5 minutes.
I bought this camera for my grandaughter.  She loves it and has recommended it to all her friends.  I would highly recommend purchasing this camera.  It was a great price and fast shipping.
I purchased for my 12 year old niece who requested it for her birthday.  She loves it, so I guess that makes it perfect!
We gave this to our granddaughter as a birthday present to use in camp.  Seems like so many of the kids have one.  The prints are credit card size and good enough for use a fun camera.  Don't expect crystal clear prints -- that's not what this is about. Keep in mind that the film is not inexpensive but neither was Polaroid film.
Was a birthday present for my 14 year old niece. She loves it, but goes through film like crazy
Takes awesome pictures! Easy to load film, easy to use. I am in love with this camera! Cheaper to buy here than in the store! Amazing shipping! Got here 2 days earlier than expected :)
This has been fun for my daughter to use. Cute!
I absolutely love my new Hello Kitty instax camera !!! I got it in time for my birthday tea party and it was super beautiful !! I was a little bit concerned about the size, but trust me, when you receive it, you stop thinking about it because it was so adorable !!! I received so many compliments on it, I know you will love it !!!
Got it yesterday! I had a polaroid before but when the film was gone it was too expensive to get more, I'm very glad i decided to get this, it's perfect for art journaling!
Very cute present and looks great. It's a different shape from the regular instax cameras.
I was more than satisfied with this camera!! The color is super cute and high quality the pictures come out super duper cute! I also bought the matching case!! Love love love!!
My 7 yrs old niece loved it at her birthday party. Took pictures of everyone. Easy for kids to use. Also bought the photo album which she immediately put the photos in. Good quality photos
I received this camera as a gift for my birthday, and I absolutely love it. The authentic feel of physical photos within seconds is very fun and nostalgic. The film and other accessories don't burn a hole in my pocket either! I may even order more colors. Love!!
Good - just what I wanted!
Fun camera works great
Totally obsessed with my Instax camera! I use the Mini because I use the photos in my Midori Traveler's Notebook and these are perfectly sized! I also like that the camera auto-detects what lighting I need. The film is really easy to install as well, just open from the seal and pop it in-- make sure the yellow little marker is faced upwards!
This was her favorite gift for her birthday. She loves having pictures to show instead of just on her phone.
Classy way to revisit nostalgia! I love this camera!
Absolutely beautiful!!!
Love it! Thank you!
I love this camera. I didn't realize it was wallet size.. my fault. The pictures don't come out that great in bright sunlight settings.
So I'm completely in love with my camera. The pictures are so cute and it works great for little gifts at parties and stuff. The only downside though is that I've had this camera for 2 years now and I don't know why but the red light on the back that is supposed to go away and the orange one in the front is supposed to turn on so you know it's ready to take the picture? Yeah...it stopped working. So now every time I want to take a picture I have to constantly open and close the lens until the red light finally leaves. This is very heartbreaking for me because you know when you want a picture and that moment is kinda you know very special? Well this defect ruins that moment. Hopefully I can send it to the company in FL to get it fixed :(
I bought this Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 for my 12 year old granddaughter! She absolutely loves it and hasn't put it down since she got it 4 days ago!This camera reminds me of the 'Polaroid' camera days when you couldn't wait to see the photo develop! This is the same premise but this camera is so much smaller than it's former counterpart! It fits in my granddaughters hands perfectly, it has an automatic exposure measurement feature that  signals the camera to the recommended aperture setting so the user can manually adjust the dial to the recommended setting so your photos come out perfect!This camera seems pretty durable, is easy for her to use and it takes small, but nice photos. We both love this camera and would recommend it to others.
Perfect
It's is not a pink as it looks online and on the box. It's a more faded pink. If the flash is broken all of your photos will turn out black. My flash was broken and I had to return it. The pictures it takes are smaller than the size of your palm. I wish the photos were bigger. I ended up purchasing a new one from Michaels because I needed it before I could get the return processed. It takes decent photos, when the flash works, and it is a lot of fun to have.
Cutest thing ever! Works great. I love it. Comes with wrist strap and instructions
My teen loved this gift! A nice little flash back to old school Polaroid.
I liked the camera, I think it's a little big but works great
ITS REALLY CUTE. Bought this because I'm going to Otakcon in August. It's a lot bigger than I expected but that's cool.
I bought this for my wife, it's cute novelty item. The films can get expensive. It's basically prints out a smaller cuter version of the old school polaroids. My wife likes it and that's all that matters
I'm obsessed with it. Absolutely obsessed. Perfect size to take places!
It's amazing and  it came faster than expected to arrive I love it ❤️
My daughter loves it
Pictures are small but otherwise good
Overexposed. Poor quality. I guess what can you expect for 60 bucks.
I love this camera. Every time I take it out to snap photos I receive lots of compliments. I love the vintage look of the photos it produces. The varying flash settings are also pretty awesome. It takes a little practice in order to produce a photo with a centered subject, but once you master it you'll be good to go.
Nice
I didn't take any photo, but it's beautifull..
It came in good condition, it's been 8 months and it still works :) I'm very happy I bought this camera. My biggest fear was having to find the film but it's a great little camera :)
I can't stop saying how much I love this camera. I've always loved photography as I went to an art school but I was getting bored by digital photography. A friend of mine bought this one and as soon as I saw it, I knew I had to buy it too. The film is expensive (50 cent per film average) but totally worth it. I love this camera and the pictures it takes.  it's a easy and fun way to be remember by someone: Just take a picture of them (or with them) and writes a little note on the white blank space. The size of the pictures is awesome too (as big as a credit card) and it fits perfectly on a wallet. Best camera ever!!
Instant fun, great for parties.
Pros: Easy to operate, good quality photos, durableCons: Hard to reload film, loud picture taking
useful
Good quality , sturty design. It has even held up to a couple accidental drops. Does best with close up photos.  My only complaint is that the film is pricey.
Made a great graduation present! My niece absolutely loved it and started using it almost right away.  Was so much fun watching her use it.
Amazing camera for creating kids album, u will save time.
Love this camera. Works great.
Love everything about this product
I have no other words for this more than "I freeking loooove this cameraa". It's so beautiful, and takes great shots with great quality at a great price. It reminds me of old polaroids shots.
I love my little would be "Polaroid".I use this whenever i want to capture memories. Most recently, i used it at my sister's baby shower; i took a lot of great shots!
Perfect girly picture
My daughter loves it. The film is a little pricey but it is better in the bulk packs. There have been no problems with it. We bought it 6 months ago. I wanted to wait to review it untille we had it for awhile. Its been great with 6 months of hard use.
I really like it. Simple to use and sturdy camera body, most of all, picture quality is much better than I expected.
Guys ITS WORTH THE MONEY! The camera is so pretty but the quality is amazing. It comes with batteries and a strap. It's super easy and cute i honestly love it, if your looking for something cute with a little bit of a vintage style this is perfect. I got the blue one and it's amazing
Great for taking quick snap shots to share with friends.
This camera worked great and was a lot of fun to use for the first year and a half that I owned it. Since then, however, I've been unable to get it to power on. I've bought multiple packs of batteries and tried different brands, but have not been able to use the camera for about 6 months now. It is of course now out of warranty. I wish I had known that the Instax Mini has such a short lifespan, because I've got a box of the pricey film now that I can't use.
Saw this at a birthday  party, it's very user friendly. Bought one for my very young niece who's enjoying taking instant pictures. Especially  on her Disney vacation. The accessories  are adorable. The film has cute edges, there are albums, cases, I'm thrilled with it.
I love this toy-like camera! Color is cute and easy to carry.
Fun little camera. The flash is a bit bright so I put masking tape over part of it. We used it to make "put passes" for pur Cub Scout Pinewood Derby.
I think this camera is great! It's a great way to keep memories. I saw some bad reviews, which I don't know why because it works perfectly for me. Just make sure the camera is in the right light setting or it won't turn out great! You just gotta know how to use it.
I use this camera every chance I get and it hasn't disappointed. It's fun and turns out great pictures. The only thing I recommend is that the photographer get closer to the subject. The viewing lens tends to make things appear closer than they are and when the picture is taken, things are farther away. I would highly recommend this product. I get compliments and everyone loves it when I use it. It just seems so curious to everyone.
Love it
It has not worked right at all. We thought it was a setting or the film but it takes terrible pics. Needs to be replaced think it's defective.
Cute but only for indoor uses.  Overexposed in bright outdoor areas.
Super cool and exactly what I expected it to be. Now, I can pretend to be relevant on the internet.
I love my new Fujifilm camera so much!! But I have one concern.  When I look through the little window, before taking a picture, I make sure that I have, what I want to be centered, in the little black circle.  But, when the film prints out, the picture is not centered at all.  When I took a picture of a small dragonfly and printed the film out, the dragonfly wasn't even in the picture.  Any suggestions?
It is great.  I love it
Great Purchase, Fast Service
I like the cute little pictures but I miss the old polaroids better. The photos it prints are tiny and there's only 10 photos per pack of film. Not a real money saver considering how pricey each roll of film costs.
My daughter absolutely loves this little camera. The pictures are pretty good quality and the camera itself is pretty sturdy and well made.
con: the film is expensive
I purchase this camera for my wedding to do my own photo booth booth idea. It has work great i have used it before the date, just to get a familiarized my self with it. The pictures are the size of a business card with white borders. I like the quality overall i think i would continue to use it long after the reception. I really like that you have to think out the photo, before you just aim and shoot at anything like the old days, and you instantly get a print of it, great for sharing or like in my case, I chose the color white it looks very chick, The only think i wish the fils were a bit cheaper.
It doesn't really take good photos.
Bought as a gift for my daughter.  My daughter loves it.  Product was exactly as advertised.
Bought for my daughter's 8th birthday and she's in love with it!
Love the product exactly as explained!  Got it in 2 day very good shipping
You can not take a photo outside when there is sun.  Overexposed.  OK for indoors.
Beautiful camera! The color is slightly more pastel than the photo, but it is lovely. It came with batteries and a user manual for instructional use.
Love this camera. It's really fun and great for trips. The picture quality is a little bit unreliable at times but otherwise great! Love the yellow color. It's a soft pastel color.
great
It didn't work..all Lightsigns are plinking and I think I should return it. Many others claim the same thing.
Love this camera .. So much fun and photos come out awesome
save your money and do not buy this.
This was a present for the grand daughter and she loved it.
I purchased this for my daughter for her upcoming birthday.  I also purchased a accessory bundle and film so that she had everything for her little photography start.  I love the color of this camera, it's her favorite color.  It's easy to use and fun for instant photos.  She is going to love it!
Got it for someone as a gift and they loved it. Highly recommended.
Fun camera for my 5 year old. User friendly
Very difficult to take decent pictures with. I'm disappointed.
love it! hit at parties!
great camera, very cute and easy to use. it is slimmer than the mini7 but I find that it is actually harder to hold because they took the large rounded grip off of the body in order to slim it down. Still I haven't dropped it, I just feel less confident holding it (because I'm not always graceful) but it does come with a wrist strap so if you did drop it, it will just dangle from your wrist. because its an instant camera with flash it is prone to over exposed photos so just be aware of lighting before deciding to take a photo. That being said it takes better pictures in the daytime than in the nighttime even with the exposure and flash. still very happy with it!  it is less expensive, cuter, and easier to carry than the instax wide. the photos are a little smaller than an old school polaroid but till big enough.
So pretty and I works really well! Super cute
My teenager daughter loves it! Quality is good.
I love this camera. It is so much fun to have an instant print when spending time with family or friends. The color is a little bit on the pink size than on the red which is a bummer because I love red but other than that I love it!
Its a really great camera.
Thank you
It's dope
i freaking love this already. just buy it. do it.
Love it!
Bought this for my girlfriend as a Christmas present. Loved it, we use it all the time. Great quality.
I LOVE my instax. It is super cute and fun. I take photos of my kids all the time, using it to capture little moments that I don't care to share with the world on social media. I love the reddish/pink color, and it has been lots of fun figuring it out. It has various settings, which I really need to learn because the one photo I took in noon sunshine was completely washed out and showed nothing. It's a fun camera, though, and I am loving it.
I can not rave about how much I enjoy shooting with this camera. I am in school getting a bachelors in photography and this camera comes everywhere with me. I love using it with friends so at the end of the night we all have a physical photo we can hang on to. I can't say enough about how much I love this camera. Just make sure you use your settings correctly and you will get some nice shots!
Bought for my 13 year old daughters birthday and she loved it!
I've been wanting one of these for a long time and I finally got it! It's amazing, great pictures, camera is small and light, color (grape) is super cute. It came in perfect conditions also, I got 0 complains on this product. 5 ✨well earned!
Great item
Love the vintage feel to this camera. Used it on 4th of July and although the fireworks I captured didn't turn out so great, the people I captured did. The key is to use it within the range of the flash during night time pictures. The cost to replace the film can get somewhat expensive, but I think I'll keep this for special occasions.
My friend got one of these and we all loved it so much that 5 of us also got it! Something so magical about Polaroid cameras. Takes surprisingly nice pictures. The only problem I had was taking pictures in the bright sun- there are light settings but if it is too bright or you are taking a picture with the sun in the back it won't turn out. You get a knack for itBuying film in bulk is absolutely the way to go. The smaller the quantities- the more you pay. That being said, the film for this camera is cheaper than any other I could find. It comes in a bunch of cool colors and you can find accessories like cases, fancy film, photobooks etc to fit too!
Great camera! Simple and easy to use. No instructions needed really. Comes with 2 AA batteries and a wrist strap.
Great camera at a great price! Thanks so much
Am so in love with this camera the color and everything it is the best thing I ever gotten
I thought this was a great camera, ive had it for 3  months+ and still have not had any kind of issues with it. It is fun to use and captures great memories
Purchased this camera for my grand daughter, she loves it!!
This makes making memories special, and it instantly prints which makes it awesome!
Cool camera!
It was a gift for my daughter!!  She loves it and enjoys making her photo collages!!  Great price and shipped quickly!!
Good camera
My favorite accessory to every party!
So cute! Works perfectly fine
Good product would buy again.
My girl loves it!
We used this for a DIY wedding photobooth and it was perfect. So much fun, good pictures too!
just as expacted
Love this product!!!!
Very nice product
It's great for fun!... DOESN'T WORK OUTSIDE.
It's so convinient, it's small and so pretty'', I really liked it! it came in 2 days and is pretty self explanatory, if you're like me you'll read all the reviews before buying it, don't bother I'm telling you right now, it's amazing!
I love this camera. It came quick, packaged well and works great... Easy to use like back in the day Polaroids
I love the product and the way you came in the package was great, it was bubblewraped and it was just perfection! Would definitely buy again!
I got this for my 7 years old girl and she is in love with this camera. She is able to carry it easily anywhere, she can use it without any problem and is fascinated with her pictures. Great gift for any photo lover.
First time user and loved it ! great way to capture the moments
Great for events and vacation mementos.
Cute, Fun to use
Easy to operate and load film, provides great pictures within minutes. It took us some time to figure out lighting but this thing snapped 40 photos in one night and got passed around so everyone could use it. Make sure you're holding it correctly!
It works fine and the 3 pack film was a good deaI really like the camera but I think I would like wider pictures so I'm giving this to my daughter for Christmas. It seems to be really popular with the young people.
The Pictures Will Come Out White And Shifted To The Left
It was amazing.  Didn't know my granddaughters knew how to work the camera.
Awesome little camera. A note for when buying this, you need to remember that you have to buy film and it's almost like each picture you take is one dollar.But you get an instant and cute keepsake.
Isn't working properly or taking quality pictures. Very disappointed
Nothing
It works wonders and is super cute
Awesome camera!! We love it soooo much!
I love this camera
Works Great, fun to use, and batteries last
Fun little point and shoot camera. However, you do have to play around with the lighting as the pictures can easily was out.
I got it for my cousin's birthday! And she LOVED it!
I bought this for my daughter as an 8th grade graduation gift. She loves it!! She takes it everywhere!
Came in the mail on the first day of possible expectancy. Product was just as advertised. Cute and portable, perfect for every moment that a snapchat picture just isn't enough.
Amazing camera get it if you want nostalgic moments of times past.
there is better ones. this one is kinda flimsy
This is a gift for my 7 y/o daughter. The idea of physical photos being printed directly from the camera is completely novel. She loves it. Big hit with the friends too. It's pretty cool to see all of her photography stringed around her bedroom.
I luv it 10/10
We are using this camera as a part of our guestbook, and so far we have taken a few trials before wedding day, and it is just perfect! Easy to learn to use. We will be taking this on our honeymoon too to get some unique vintage snaps!
Love love love this little camera! It's small and easy to fit in a purse or bag. It's also super easy to use and the pictures turn out great! Plus they come in so many great colors, I had a hard time choosing. Love the quality of this product as it's super durable. I've dropped it once already and while it needed a little tweaking, it still works! It also withstood the sun, wind, and sand of a day on the beach.
Every time I take this out with me people love it and have so much fun getting real momentos. The photo cartridges are expensive though
I wasn't aware that Polaroids had made a comeback but apparently they have!  This is what my 17 year old asked for her 11th grade graduation.  She loves it and won't stop snapping pics!  It is very "plasticy" and I'm probably going to order the case for it because I'm afraid if she drops it, it may smash into a hundred pieces.  I'd say just order the film and the case while you're at it!  She's delighted with it!
Simple, light weight, very easy to use. I bring this camera to parties and family gatherings - people love using it! The pictures are quite a bit smaller than that of a Polaroid 600 camera but the images are sharp and they develop much more quickly. Super cute - I would definitely recommend it.
great quality images
This camera is great for the price! Cool function that lets it detect the proper light setting, but not always accurate. Still a great little camera. Recommend this for trips; they create great photos for scrapbooks!
Love this camera one of my best investments
Perfect!
This is just an overall good time. Wanna be the life of the party? Event? Just like instant gratification?? This camera gives it.
I bought this for my wife and she completely loves it and so do I. It's great!
A birthday gift for my 9 year old daughter, she loves it but I noticed mamy of the photos are overexposed.
This is a really fun camera!! The pictures are the perfect size for attaching to my planner, keeping in my wallet, or sticking on the fridge. I like being able to write a caption on the bottom of each picture, too.  The camera itself is easy to use and compact enough to fit in my purse.
This camera is so cute I love the size and the color! I've been using this camera to document my summer and so far it has taken beautiful photos if you're into polaroids. The camera is easy to maneuver and I love how you can change the light settings based on where you are taking the photo. Simple but great camera!
I got the for my daughter for Christmas. She really enjoys being able to print her pictures out. The pictures are good quality. Both the indoor and outdoor pictures come out very well.
Obsessed! It's amazing and the best price I have found!
This is the best!!. Clear photos, great fun. LOVE the PINK!!  Ordered the case and album too. Ready for capturing a funfilled summer!!
I bought this for my sister for her graduation. She absoutely loves it. Its super easy to use and the pictures look fantastic. Its the perfect gift for someone going to college.
Bought it as a present for a friend. She loves it
fun and easy to use nice quality pictures as well
Best gift ever to myself. No problems at all after 6 months of usage. Will buy for gifting purposes.
Great product! Love it and still use it all the time
The Camera doesn't work - The film gets stuck and I can't find a way to return the item OR get a replacement -Need help -
Great instant film camera. Amazon has these at the lowest prices (I shopped around). Overall, the product has performed well - just be sure to have it on the right setting when you are outside or else your pictures will come out too dark!
Gave as a gift.  My daugeter loved it.  great choices of color and this reminded me of years ago when we use to take instant pictures with our camera.  Brought back memories and now my daughter is creating her own.
Love this camera. Super cute and affordable. Taking good pics can be tricky but all you need is a little practice and a lot of films. Took me about 3 packs of film to get the hang of it and get clear pics.
Thanks so much! Cute, tiny, but well worth it!
I had a defective camera from Michaels, returned it and saw this one on amazon for a couple dollars cheaper. This one was not defective and works great! The black is nice however if you have any oil on your face or hands there will be marks on the camera.
cool camera
Loved how the photos came out.
Product looks nice... But camera did not work properly. The camera only took 1 picture out of 10 correctly. The other 9 were not exposed properly.
This was a gift for my grand daughter and she absolutely LOVED IT.  She had so many people asking about it, that she told me she felt so SPECIAL.  Highly recommend it !!!
Love the color!!
I'll change this review if I ever get this camera to work.  The instructions are terrible.  I found an online video explaining how to use it.  The minus battery sits slightly higher than the plus battery (I don't know if this is normal but it would not push down evenly).  The plus and minus signs on the outside of the battery case are opposite of the illustration.  I can't figure out how to attach the wrist strap.  Nothing happens when I push the button to take a picture.  I wasted 1 pack of film in case I had put it in wrong (I had not).  I tried to use new batteries in case the batteries that came with the camera are too old but now I can't get the battery compartment open.  There is no way the camera can fit in to the case.  Like I said, I'll upgrade this review if I get the camera to work.  Otherwise I'll return the camera and the case.
I love this camera so much, great price too
So much fun for parties! Very easy to use. Just have to play with it to figure out the best settings and lighting.
Absolutely love this camera! Works well.
So cute and easy to use. The size makes it easier to transport.
Got it for my daughter for a grad gift.  She loves it!
Good price.  Arrived quickly.  Great little camera.
I had such high hopes for this camera.  I've wasted an entire roll of film already -- the pictures have a smear down one side, so I'm assuming that something is too "tight" where the picture pops out, and that it's streaking the picture.  Also, the pictures are sooooo tiny, and not very crisp, either.  Waste of money.... find yourself the old fashioned polaroid Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera (Yellow)
My children love this camera! Makes them feel like they have a vintage camera
I absolutely love this.  It is just a small polaroid camera from a time ago.  The pictures are small, like 2" by 3" or so.  You set what environment, (such as outside sunny, outside cloudy, inside) on the camera to help ensure a good picture each time.  The only setback I have is the film is not cheap.  The cheapest I could find was a 10 picture pack of film for $12.97.
This camera came in super fast and the color is perfect! I highly recommend this product:)
LOVE IT! works great
Absolutely love it! Super light in weight, adjustable settings for "indoor" "outdoor"...etc. It came with 2 AA batteries and a wrist cord. Fits inside the clear case I bought for it. Pictures come out great!
I love this camera so much! I've wanted one for a long time and it does not disappoint. It's definitely worth the money
I intially purchased this for a music festival but I have used it way more than I thought I would. It's easy to put in a purse or backpack for vacations or day trips. I love the light pink color and how easy it is to work the camera. I like that there are different settings around the camera lense. This makes it easy to get the best picture possible in any environment you are in. I've had no problems with pictures not turning out. Overall I'm very happy with the camera.
I love it when this thing works.  Very hip and the pictures turn out very 70's.  Unfortunately, even when changing the settings appropriately, the lighting is very sensitive and we have been unable to get a decent picture in anything but broad daylight.  Sometimes it's too bright and the picture turns out nearly white, sometimes it's too dark and the picture turns out nearly black.  I still think this camera was worth the investments even with the light difficulties because the pictures that HAVE turned out are splendid and we love them.  They look really great hanging from a string with mini clothes clips.
Got this camera and have hardly used it primarily because the picture quality is very average and the film is ridiculously expensive.  If you're looking for something that takes average photos with muted colors  (not super clear and bright like your phone or digital camera) this is for you.  I think the photos in the ads must have been digitally altered because mine certainly look nothing like those.  This is definitely more of a gimmick than anything else.  Fun to have fairly immediate photos in your hand but it would be nice if they were of a quality that is something to write home about.
It broke within a week
Good
This a very cute and awesome to use and it's very easy to use overall great camera
Came just as expected! I adore this color and look forward to using it :)
Love it. Great Sellers. Item arrived exactly as promised, all the items were in the box (as they were meant to come).  My niece was thrilled! Couldn't have pictured a happier kid. ---Thank you.  5 Stars
I got this for my daughter's 10th birthday and it was a huge hit!  She LOVES it and so do both kids and adults that see it.  Super easy and fun to use!
ABSOLUTLEY LOVE MY NEW INSTANT CAMERA.
I haven't had any problems with it so far. I do need to learn how to use the settings, so far I've made a few mistakes but thats on my side for not reading the instructions. It has been a challenge learning how to take pictures (specialy selfies) with it because of where the button is and how I was used to my phone and compact camera.
Works well. Pictures are mediocre quality. Nice feel of old style Polaroid pictures. Don't shoot anything at a distance as pictures come out white.Had to learn it the hard way 💁 But I blame myself as it does says the distance.
This is a great, fun camera.  I used it for a birthday party and used the 64 page book (sold separately) for the pictures I took.  I gave the filled book to the birthday girl at the end of the party.  She loved it.....  Also, some guests requested to keep their picture because they liked them so much.  Fortunately, I bought enough film to accommodate some requests......  Highly recommend this camera.
Color was more of an orange/red.
Wonderful little camera. The pictures are very small but the quality is great!
Great Product,,,,Small And Fun For Everyone
Was a gift that is continuing to make the recipient happy!
Exactly as the description says!!! Perfect! Couldn't ask for better
Beautiful! Love the vintage look of the pics
Fun for grandkids
Bought this for my daughters 8th birthday cause she's always wanting to use mine. She loves it and we got the matching case as well
This is honestly the cutest best camera ever. So great for parties and what not. I love it and so does everyone else
Cute, awesome camera!
Super cute I use it all the time !
Kid loved it but only evry third photo developed
It's fun, it's cute, one of the better impulse buys you'll make. Let's be real, the photo is pretty damn small but lends itself nicely to portraits. It's a novelty but in the best sort of way. It's a party pleaser. You will have fun. Buy it.
I bought these for my tween-aged granddaughters.  They LOVE them.  I bought extra film and the completing accessories, too, and they were a hit!  Now, these are not going to be high resolution pro pics.  Just the really fun instant photos we enjoyed back in the day.
It received what I was looking for! I needed something to give pictures to the children down in Mexico for a keepsake, so this is great!
It's ok. I'm not very excited at the quality of the pictures that this camera takes. They are drab and sometimes too dark. I don't expect an instant photo to be photographer quality,  but I also didn't expect them to be this poor. I wouldn't buy again.  I wish I bought the full size instant camera.
gift
Simple to use. Photos come out very cute. Camera is relatively inexpensive
There seemed to be nothing wrong with the camera.
Very fun and easy to use!
Love it! And it's so easy to use and convenient!!
fun for little shorties
A cute little camera for on the go.. Takes great wallet size pics! My 16 year old Granddaughter loves it!
The package came great!! But in the description it said there will be batteries included. And there are no batteries.
Love it !!!!! It's so fun!!!!
Great camera, so much fun to use.  Takes great polaroid type pictures.  I love that I can take a picture and have it print instantly.  Easy to use and light weight.  High recommend to take fun photos with friends
awesome​
Easy to use
My daughter loves this camera!
I like it
I am in love with my camera! I use it to keep physical mementos. The size of the photos are as big as a driver's license and that fit right in your wallet. There are lots of DIY's to do with the developed photos as well! The vintage look of the photos is very asthetically pleasing.
The Fujifilm INSTAX Mini 8 automatically focuses for your shot. It captures photos like a point and shoot digital camera. I'm 27 with a 16 month old toddler. I haven't had film developed for about 10 years. With that said being a 90ied kid this is a throwback to those small sticker picture cameras! It's lot of fun to point, click and have a real photo print out! It's very easy to use I didn't even use the directions to figure it out. Anyone who's used any electronics in the past 5 years can use this easy. The Pictures themselves look like my families old photo albums of the 50ies-80ies. They have a beautiful nostalgia to them and are tangible to hold. They also fit perfectly into the drivers license window inside my wallet. I literally ordered over 200 shots of film and like 10 albums. They come out like the old Polaroid floppy photos just smaller! Great buy and affordable price!
very cool camera, but you have to  be carefull with the settings, if its too bright dont forget to turn the light setting to the sun preset,otherwise you'll get blank photos)
I love it! The camera is very self explanatory. The directions are easy and clear. I'm really pleased with how quickly the film processes too. I do wish the film wasn't so expensive but if that's the only downfall there is that's fine with me.
Love this camera!
Good
Was very excited to get this product to complete my husband's 40th white party theme. We had black books out for guests to add photos and notes with a white pen. It was looking amazing until 26 photos in the flash stopped working! We wasted loads more film trying to get it to work, replacing batteries and film. Sadly the flash never worked again so the album came to a halt.
This is a great Polaroid camera. The camera is very attractive and looks great. It is very simple to use with one button to turn it on and one button to take the picture. There is a dial on the lens for different settings such as sunny, cloudy, etc. To close the camera, all you need to do is push the lens down and it closes. I got this as a pack with this, the film, and the carrying case. All three were a great purchase and this product is absolutely something that I will continue to use down the line. The only con is that the camera is quite bulky. However, this is to be expected from a Polaroid Camera.Pro:Attractive, easy to useCons:Quite Bulky
kids love it
Love the color
I LOVE this camera! It's so awesome how the pictures come out right as you take them and you get to watch them develop. The picture quality is as good as printing out pictures from your iPhone. Quick and fun experience.
I love this camera! it is super light and the bow does come with instructions on how to get ready. the camera does not come with film so make sure you buy some when you buy it. super fast delivery i got it two days after I order it.helpful link: [...]
lightweight and easy to use!
I bought this as a gift for my niece birthday and she loves it! The only bad is that the films are expensives. Really good camera
when you buy this, be realistic in expectations, its for fun. I got this as a fun little gift for a friend and she loves it but quality is terrible and the exposure levels and everything about it isn't high-quality, do expect to get shots that are just whited out because of lighting and the exposure. I've had better luck for instants on older polaroid's but this is a fun toy, it does cost a lot in the end do to the instant film.
Love it!! Works great!!
Cute little camera! Works great
My girlfriend loved it! a bit of a learners curve
Bought for my baby sister (16 y.o) and she LOVES it. Apparently these are the new fad so it worked great for her.
The camera is really cool looking & easy to use. The film is very expensive. I've tried many different methods of using the camera but I still find the actual photos it takes are hit or miss. Some look good, most are too bright because the flash goes off no matter what. I've tried to cover the flash, but it's a shot in the dark (pun!) whether your pic will come out good. Even my good photos are not that great, and the price of the film makes me want more from my shots.Someone told me it's just a "selfie camera" and I shouldn't expect much from a polaroid camera. Maybe that's it but I've used older polaroid cameras & found their photos were much more charming. I wanted a tangible alternative to cell phone pics, which I never look at after I've taken them, but this isn't it for me. That being said, if you want small pics for fun this is a pretty cool camera.
My daughter absolutely loves the camera! Bought it for her graduation party so guests could take pictures. She wouldn't give the camera up Lol
My daughter loves this. Very easy to use. It is a lot of fun for kids.  Take it out of the box put the film in and you are ready to go,
My daughter loves it.
Great camera but pictures are not so clear!
Nice product
Good enough for kids trying to have fun with instant pics - quality of pics is ok.
Great
This camera will not print out properly if you are too much in the sun.
Well made camera. Should last as long as you want to buy the expensive film!
Love this camera! It's so adorable and a wow feature where ever I go. My only issue is now everyone wants a picture and film is crazy expensive! So NO you can't have a captured moment that I want to keep because I'll never see it again! Be prepared for the "omg that's so cute! Let me keep this one!(yea not a question more of a demand lol)"Great flash a couple times I forgot to turn the dial to the right setting so it made the picture a bit dark but still beautiful. Seriously though this camera brings me back to my Polaroid days and now my kids are taking it to school so they can snap pictures of everyone...and coming home with 2 pictures.
I really enjoy using this camera! The only problem I've noticed is that it doesn't take super great pictures in bright lighting. Other than that, it has been perfect! I love the way the photos turn out, the quality of the picture, and how easy it is to use.
I love the product itself! However I was disappointed to find that there was no film included. Besides that, love it!
Exelente
I really enjoy this camera -- if you've never seen them, the pictures ARE quite small, but you can capture a huge area.
I like
Works great! Only problem is that you have to remember to set (despite the glowing indicator light) the setting dial on whatever works best (for example, if you are taking a picture outside but it suggests the indoor setting, you have to turn the dial to indicate that you would like the outdoor setting instead if you want the photo to develop correctly) Awesome product!
It's really nice! Film is super expensive, but if you buy it in bulk it isn't as bad. Also figuring out the lighting for everything is a little difficult, everything seems a little bit too under or over exposed. Though with that, put it on the setting the camera tells you to. Also get a case if you can afford it, it makes carrying around the camera so much easier.
pictures are a little small but my daughter really loves this and has had a lot of fun with the camera so far
It's such a pretty camera! I love the little Pictures.
I can't say enough about this camera. My granddaughter can't stop taking pictures. It's the cutest thing ever. I was the coolest grandmother on her birthday.
Lov
Oh I love it so much it's doing so good I had another one but it's actually broke. No one's fault but my own I love this camera and I would recommend it to just about anyone. However keep in mind it is a toy camera so in a way and should be regarded as such although performance is totally top notch for the price.
Like the idea, but it's difficult to get the right settings in order to take a good picture.  The lighting setting isn't always the right setting for the shot.  Sometimes you just get lucky.
So fun in Mexico...we laughed at all the mischief we were exposed...very cute...we are now giving them to out grandchildren
I got this camera back in January (currently June) I was very excited about it. when I received it, it did not include film which I was very disappointed about. u have spend $10 to buy film sepratly. I ended up not using it and selling it at a garage sale. but overall it looked beautiful and included a strap.
I'm happy I got this but at the same time I am really disappointed. It doesn't come with any film not even a sample pack. Due to this I'm not able to test is out or write a better informative review.
Very nice!!!
Perfect!
Excellent camera. I would highly recommend it.
Oh my gosh! I can not even say enough about this product! I am in love with it. I bought it for my wife's birthday, because she has been wanting a Polaroid camera for a long time now. I did a lot of research on it and found out that the majority of the consumers liked it, so i decided to get it for her. I am SO glad that I did buy this for her. We absolutely love it! On the way out from dinner, we popped in a film pack to take our first picture, and the picture turned out so amazing!!! We have used it so many other times in just a short period of time. The pictures are amazing! they give you that old rustic feel to them, but they just printed. It's really amazing to me to see how the pictures develop! Words can not describe the awesomeness of this camera! I love it and want to take pictures with it all the time, even though I originally bought it for my wife!
great product
My girls are having a ball with this camera.  Now I am spending all day picking up pictures around the house and in the car!!!
My daughter loves it but, of course, just like I told her, the film costs a fortune and this would end up being a novelty item. However, she wanted it so bad for so long it was worth it just to see the look on her face.
Great product and fun. Film does cost a lot but it ones with the territory. If I could do this over again I'd purchase the wider version. Still a great piece and a lot of fun for the moment
I bought this camera so I could take a quick, small picture at the pottery studio to record pieces in progress. I didn't need anything fancy.  The pictures produced by this camera were of such low quality it was essentially useless. Additionally, the pics were consistently off-center, cutting off much of the piece.Perhaps the camera would do better outside, or farther from the subject. It didn't do what I needed, so I'm returning it.
obsessed
I love my Polaroid!
This is such a fun instant film camera.  It is not very heavy and so easy to use.  Of course, the viewer is a bit small especially if you are used to cameras with a digital background view. I had to get used to looking through such a small peephole. The picture itself develops much quicker than the old Polaroids.  The downside is the size of the picture - it's why it's called "mini" for a reason.  This is still a lot of fun for the young and the old alike. I would highly suggest purchasing online.  Best Buy is $20 more in the store.  Also, the film is $20 in store, whereas you can purchase a pack of three for a better deal (on line). Great gift for young kids, teens or an adult with a youthful soul.  I'm almost 50 and I love it.  The pictures are vibrant in color.  The directions arrive in several different languages including English.  It will discuss how to adjust for brightness among other selections.
Cute camera, love the concept, but the film is a little pricey. Also hard to get good photos indoors. I find that I rarely use it.
thanks
Deberia haber traido fotos incluidas.
I purchased this camera in June and it completely stopped working after 3 months and a total of 10 pictures. Wish I could return it but now I'm stuck with a camera that I paid $75 that does now work :(
My granddaughter really wanted this camera.  I bought with the extra accessories and she loved it.
My daughter loves this thing. Haven't had any of the technical issues I read about so far. It's been 7 months and she uses it often.
Color is a little odd. More coral like then raspberry.  But it shipped quickly and my daughter likes it.
It worked great for the first pack of film, them jammed and we haven't been able to use it since.
My 14 year old LOVES this camera. Disclaimer: not selfie friendly. Since she's figured out the settings, she has been taking some fun pictures! My only gripe is the that the film is so pricey!
Works great, daughter took it to college. loves it
Fun and functional (with the instant gratification factor) camera for all ages.
Great product for an instant camera. Obvious draw-back is that you get one shot at your picture. No redos
I have always wanted one of these cameras! I love that Amazon has a wide variety of color selections for the cameras. It's easy to use. My son loves to take pictures on it!!
Arrived on time and works wonderfully. Everything I expected.
fun photos are back in style
Not the best quality camera.
really nice! came really fast and works really well!!
Great little camera for my girlfriend. She requested a camera for her scrap booking. I found this online and though it would be great. She loves it, the photos are great and are perfect for scrape booking.
Purchased this camera as a gift for my daughter. She loves it!
Cute camera but the color of the photos isn't great
I looooove this camera!
I thought I purchased this camera for myself but my toddler daughters have taken it completely over! Will purchase another one for my grandma soon!
Amazing camera!!! It's so fun to take physical pictures. Make sure to buy film also.
Bought for my daughter for her 13th birthday. Takes great quality little pictures with instant gratification of the instant print. The camera is sturdy and durable for older kids. It sure made my teen happy!
Terrific. Item as described. Works great and my teenage daughter loves it. A lot of fun.
got here on time and it was just as expected.
i love the quality and its just what i expected
Great throwback item for Polaroid pictures!
Thank you for your quick processing and shipping. The product was arrived just as described and works like a dream!
love love love
It is a fun way to take pictures in an age where everything is digital. The prints are a bit smaller than I thought, but they come out really great! Only other issue is that the Instax cartridges are a bit more expensive than I'd like too. Still like it though and it great to hang these up on the fridge or other DIY frames for theses.
This is exactly the camera my daughter wanted & she loves it! Fast shipping & no hassles.
Great
Great fun little camera. Fun for all ages this camera instantly prints out Polaroid style photos.
great item fast shipping
This camera is perfect for beginners. I was very pleased with how this product works and how fast it came to my house. I have so much fun with it, though I would recommend keeping multipule rolls of film on hand at a time because once you get inspired, it's hard to stop.
So darn cuttee!!! Love it!btw I got the strap in a bundle.
Didnt come with an actual instruction manual so half of my photos are messed up. Good luck.
In love!! I take it every where with me and it's so simple but adds the cutest touch to taking a picture
Love, love, love! I purchased this for my 14 year old daughter and the whole family has enjoyed using it. Pictures turn out much better than the old Polaroids. Great product!
Great camera! I had trouble adjusting it to take pictures outside. Indoors the pictures are great.
We love this little camera! We use it to take photos of all the important moments in our lives!
The throwback feel to this camera made it fun to use.
Came in excellent shape and in the box, brand new and works excellent!
I love the camara!!!!! It have a very good quality !!!!
I recommend this camera to anyone who simply adores the nostalgic feel of having a camera that doesn't have to be plugged into a computer to access photos, but to have a physical copy of the memory they had just made. I myself have always been fascinated by the idea of a Polaroid and simply love this cute camera that has been remodeled to a smaller and compact form to perfection. Just the one thing that I would like to warn anyone who gets this... FILM IS NOT CHEAP.
I bought this as my daughters 8th grade graduation gift and she Loves it<3
These are great cameras. This is the second one we have purchased.
Bought this camera for my son, and he loves to play with it. But on a trip to the beach found out the camera can't take a picture without looking exposed. Tried to adjust the lense setting but the camera just couldnt compensate for the light. It's fine for pictures inside but not outside.
This camera is so fun! We take it on our adventures and take fun photos. I love the Polaroid look and this camera definitely gives that. My only complaint is the photos are so small. I wish they'd make one with regular sized Polaroids.
Cute, easy to find film and accessories for. This bundle is a great deal, as well.
My daughter loves this!  Just wish film came with it to start off with.
This camera is so fun. My daughter got it for her 8th birthday and is taking pictures left and right. It doesn't contain a lot of film within each packet so my suggestion would be to purchase a bundle of film and ensure the person using is taking purposeful pictures.
This is a great little camera
This camera is absolutely so cute and amazing and fun to use. It has great battery life and comes in a variety of different colors. Me and my friend both have one and neither of us has had a problem with them. But the film can get pricey so use it sparingly and only to capture memories!Best camera you can buy for only 54 dollars! Really great price for a really great product! Buy it and have fun!!
Brings back old memories and now I get to make some pretty cool ones with my 4 year old, he is obssesed with the pictures coming out right away, they look great, it does take some practice using the light settings but it's worth the money and haven't had any blank film so far
My daughter really wanted this for her 13th birthday after she did a bunch of research. She loves it!
My 3 year old loves her camera and knows how to work it!
Great product, great quality. Very happy I purchased!
Purchased for my grand daughter as an introduction to photography. I did try it out, though, and am very pleased with the ease of operation as well as the quality of photos produced. A very good purchase, especially for the price (under $60.)
A well received high school graduation gift!!
We gave this Instax Mini as a gift and had it shipped directly to the birthday girl.  She just gave it back to us, saying it doesn't work, and the "window of return policy" is closed!  We are out $55 plus shipping!!!!
It was a birthday present for my daughter and she love it and as a matter of fact am placing a another order cause one like her friends like it so much am getting it for her
LOVE IT! LOVE IT LOVE IT, only trick thing was the setting on the flash but the directions explain everything! Wasted all my film in one day i loved the way the pictures came out!
I'M IN LOVE, THANK YOU SO MUCH 
What an amazing little camera! I have been wanting to purchase this for a while and I'm so glad I finally did. It's small but not so tiny that it's easy to drop and it's so simple to use. I'm still getting used to the picture settings on it (cloudy/sunny/indoor/outside) but all in all I am so impressed!Only flip side is that you have to buy the film separately but it's a small price to pay for such a great little camera :)
Bought for daughter'so birthday. She asked for one months ago. I hope she likes it 😉
The camera takes amazing pictures. The focus is well. The Polaroid even has settings for the type of area you are in. The settings are Home/Inside, Cloudy/Outside/Dark, Sunny/Outside/Light, Very Sunny/Outside/Bright, Hi-Key. Each setting really makes the pictures look better depending on the meeting you use and the climate of which you are in.
Super fast shipping to Turkey. Love it!
So Cute!!
Looking at the reviews this looked like a great, fun camera.  The pics are so grainey cant hardly tell what the picture is.
I definitely love using this camera! Easy to use! Not bulky! Adjustable flash settings are convenient!
Wife loves it
Yay!  Polaroids are back!  I got this for my nine-year-old who has gone crazy with it (don't' forget to buy extra film packs) and takes it everywhere.  Very easy to operate and has user friendly option to change the exposure which wasn't an option on the 70's cameras that i remember.  Rugged and durable with big buttons and controls.  Flash is nice and bright and takes lovely pictures inside as well as outside.  This will last a long long time.
I love it! Just as described, takes awesome pictures very self explanatory. :)
I bought this for my granddaughter.  The first one did not take very clear pictures. I reorder and this one works  very well.. We are very happy with it.
awesome camera great little pictures!!!!
I bought this for my niece and she loved it. The only problem I have with it is it that's not come with film. Now I have to order some.
It was a hit for our wedding guestbook idea!
My second time buying one of these as a gift. They are great! No issues
I love it ! It's great
For those of you who are looking to purchase a more affordable Polaroid camera; one that is easy to use and that quickly prints off credit card sized memories, look no further! This is a great way to strengthen bonds in the prevailing digital age. There's something very candid about a photo snapped that cannot be altered or shopped after being printed. Perhaps the only drawback (if any) is that the film itself is rather expensive. However, buying in bulk, using Amazon of course ;), makes for a reasonable price. I would highly recommend this camera! I would also recommend buying a case to avoid any unnecessary exposure to the film once stored inside, although I've personally had no issues with this so far. Enjoy!
Great Camera
My daughter loves it, not too bad, but don't expect good quality photos from it either... just a polaroid toy, if you will.
When I first saw this camera I thought it was good. I still think that it's good but I want the mini 90. Has more features for my taste. This camara really is for kids and with basic functions.
We love it and it arrived in PERFECT condition!  :)
Second camera I bought (this one was a gift). Light. Easy to use. Good side pictures. Obviously doesn't compare to a "real" camera (not phone although that sometimes comes very close) in terms of resolution but nice to be able to give out photos on the spot and it's something different.
I'm in love with this camera! It's compact and very easy to use. Doesn't come with the film but you can get a bundle (camera + twin pack film). My new favorite toy!
Gave it to my mom as a mothers day gift and she loved it!
Super fun camera for parties and get together's!  I wouldn't bother taking it on a trip or anything but it's a fun way to capture and share instantly.  The teens love pinning them to the roof of their cars or on their walls.  We used this at my sons graduation party and it was wonderfully successful!
makes me think of the older days of picture taking.. instant gratification!
This is fun to print some instant pictures but it doesn't work in sunshine! We were at the beach and even early morning or late evening it didn't develop, Disappointing.
I love this, it came fast in a good sized box, and it was cheaper than the one in store at best buy! It takes really cute pictures, and it's very easy to use.
bought this for something fun to do at my son's high school graduation party. It was such a huge hit that the next few parties we've hosted, this has been a request and now my 4 adult children are fighting over it! The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the pictures sometimes come out over exposed and the film can is quite pricey.
This is a great camera and is so cute!! Yes this listing is 100% authentic. Love this so much it is such a great way to record memories, and even looks cute just sitting in a desk or shelf. Live it!
Daughter loves it, works good, easy to load and useDownside is no adjustable zoom, film goes quick, and you have to make sure of your flash setting for a clear picture
SO SO SO CUTE, I LOVE IT. If you dont get this right now, you are missing out. It came right on time, fast shipping, no damage. Recommend it 100%
Exactly what I expected per photo and description.  Works great.  Super cute.
This item broke within one month of owning it. I handled it with care and did not damage it in any way, but after using it only a few times it completely stopped working. I am unable to return it so I am stuck with a useless camera. Complete waste of my money.
i love this camera soo much, if you buy this then watch youtube tutorials on this and you will be good to go!the color is the same as in the picture.comes with batteries and and string thing so u can put it on your hand with out having to hold the camerareally easy to use.it tells you how many pictures (film) you have left.hope this helped :)
Pictures come out good, no problems.
Takes great pictures...clear and sharp. My grand daughter was delighted when she opened this on her birthday!
My niece loves it!
The pictures from this camera are so cute and tumblr! Totally recommend it''
Everything about this order was perfect.
My 11-year-old daughter bought this herself with money she had saved... She absolutely loves it! Easy to use and the pictures come out great. All her friends want one now! Very happy with this camera!
An inexpensive camera that makes quick humble memories. The film ends up being more expensive that the camera itself over time.
This little camera is awesome!! I love the size of the pictures and its so easy to operate!lets just say this...I bought this for my 7yr old daughter's birthday and she uses it like a pro!I want one now!!
Everything came undamaged and new and my friend absolutely freaked and loved this camera. 10/10!!!
Very cute! Easy to work for someone with minimal camera experience, equally as workable for someone with lots of camera experience. Exact size I was expecting. Love the color! More of an off white than stark white which is great. Two charm holders on each side of the camera and wide blank space on the back to put lots of stickers!
Make sure you have the proper environment setting on because otherwise you waste a lot of film. We were outdoors and didn't change the setting so several pictures were over exposed. We used 2 of these cameras for my 8 year old's birthday scavenger hunt.
easy to use great
Feel like it's more like a reddish orange color not raspberry. Idk if that's the point but was expecting more like a dark pinkish color. Other than that great cam!!
Easy to use. Exactly as described.
brings back memories of my polaroid days! my daughter received this at Christmas with two packs of film. Works well, just don't push the button until you're ready, I mistakenly took a few pictures of the ceiling and my face trying to figure it out... there goes that film! Film cartridges are not large, usually about 10 in each pack, and if you or your kids are having fun with a group you'll go through them fast probably. Still they are fun, pictures are much smaller than traditional polaroids, but just about as clear and focused as original.
it is so fun to use and it works perfectly.
I love it! It is amazing. Totally worth the money!  Easy to use. Works amazingly. The only slight downside is dirt sticks to it pretty easily. But if cleans off easily too. Totally recommend this!
I'm giving this product one star, this product was defective, never turned on when I received it, changed batteries multiple times hopefully factory warranty will let me replace it and I can rate this product accordingly
my grandaughter loves it
Love this camera I have so much fun with it!
I bought this as a gift for my daughters graduation. She loves it, She took so many pictures with it of her friends before and after graduation.
I bought these for my daughter's (7) and (11).  They love them.  I recommend purchashing a case or the kit that includes a case.  It full of cute, helpful accessories.  My only complaint is using the camera on Sunny days makes the photo washed out looking. Indoor photos or if your in the shade look great.  I highly recommend the Mini 8 and the accessories!
My wife loves this!  I gave it to her as a birthday gift and she thought it was so fun and delightful.  Funny how having concrete polaroid shots are now unique again.  She loved the pink color.  It's easy to operate.  I thought it was terrific.  Well balanced in terms of being well-made, fun looking and a good price.
My 4 year old loves her camera. Great for practice and teaching perspective and control. Easy to use and with good grasp for a child.
Great fun camera.
The camera works as expected. The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because I expected it to be smaller than the cameras that print standard sized Polaroids.  We, obviously, found that not to be the case. This camera is as equally bulky as the standard instant-print cameras.
Quick delivery and great value price point. The same camera at the store pricing i found was slightly higher and it's also so convenient to order it online
Yee
So much fun. This little camera takes nice instant photos.
The pictures turned out awesome !
Love this camera!  I've shot around 150 photos with it so far and only a couple times it was under or over exposed, but that was probably just because of the setting I had it on.  Sometimes I get someone to shoot my photo, then in turn I'll offer to shoot one for them and give them the photo.  Everyone pretty much loves it too!  No regrets!
lovely color, I love it.
I bought it for a birthday girl, and it was defected. The camera filters did not work besides the default one, and all the pictures came out really dark (I guess the defaulted one was defected as well). Which wasted all the films and the memorable moments. I am very disappointed. I don't understand how come a new product can this much be defected. I requested for exchange hoping that the next one won't be totally defected. If it is, I will update the review and warn all of you not to get this product.I and the birthday girl were both excited about the gift, so we feel really bad about this. I am a loyal Amazon customer over several years, I almost never get defected products. I am very surprised too.
Lots of fun
Great product, fast service!! Thank you!
Amazing and I love this camera!Takes some practice to use but once you figure it out it's so worth it!
This Polaroid camera is awesome! It is easy to use and is pretty compact so it is not hard to carry around when you go out. They also have a strap that saved me from dropping it a couple times!
I am delighted with this camera. It's super cute and lovely
Bad, broken in one week
Does not take pictures outdoors!
Really love this item!
All good
Great size and the photos are perfect for my wedding photo booth
So fun. the photos are not as big as the old time polaroid but still worth it.
The camera is awesome. I got this as a present for my girlfriend and she definitely "showed" her appreciation for it.
I love this camara I don't use it enogh!
The most impractical camera ever, just bought it because my wife asked for it as a mother's day gift.  In a time when it's so cheap to buy a nice digital camera that you can use to shoot 200 pics, then choose the 20 best and edit them befor printing them, is dumb to have this camera that offers no options.  Well I guess there are a lot of not very bright people that don't mind to waste $50.00.
A great camera!!! Takes good pictures, easy to read manual, and is just great over all. It's not too big and it's not small. Only bad thing is that it didn't come with film, and film (not bought on Amazon) is pretty expensive. And the color isn't as vibrant as they picture it. But color does want matter. This product works amazingly. Would recommend.
Worth every single penny who ever your buying this for, for you or a friend , you will fall in love with it !
Perfect! I bought this for my vacation and it was exactly what I wanted and more! I definitely recommend buying on here, it's way cheaper on Amazon rather than in stores like Walmart. I also recommend buying film on Amazon, there's some great deals!
This camera is adorable and works great. I love it as a more affordable option to polaroid brand cameras. I've been using it for over six months with no problem! Highly recommend.
I got the yellow camera and it is sooo pretty! It's lightweight, adorable and has multiple setting to change the lighting!! This is awesome! Thanks Fujifilm!
Great price, amazing quality, Great buy I don't regret buying this camera in fact I wish I would have brough it sooner.
This camera is amazing, it came really fast…I dropped it the first day I got it and lens protector popped out I was scared because I broke it the first day but I just popped the lens protector back where it was and it is holding up
Wonderful
It worked perfectly
Im loving this polaroid, the pictures come out in hd and good focus, came earlier than expected. Its a great girft for someone who loves taking pictures
Awesome little camera! Color is beautiful.definitely recommend it!
film got caught the very first time it was inserted.  the camera has been inoperable.. suggest going with a different brand if you are purchasing for a young adult
Polaroid type film. What a super fun come-back!!! I’ve only taken a few pictures but I am very pleased with the outcome. Outside photos are better then inside (so far anyway). Haven’t experimented with all the settings yet.Just remember they will not be what you may print from a Nikon, etc.,  or your iPhone,  but the whole idea is just great fun!I ordered (and received) the raspberry color but it’s more of a coral. Still pretty though.I would recommend purchasing.Enjoy!!
Do not buy !!!!  Worked great for 2 months (was Christmas gift for granddaughter) after 2 months REGARDLESS of settings pictures would be over exposed (dark) or underexposed ( white).  I tried to return and neither amazon or company who the product came from. Would accept return after January 31st. Only 1 month returns are allowed and for the price of $70.00. I feel I should get refund or replacement!!
My girlfriend loved it!! Great pictures with a hipseterish vibe
The color is exactly the same from the photo. I'm so exited to try it!. Its cute and comes with an adorable strap. Was debating on this and the 8+ but just seem like the selfie mirror attached wasn't worth the extra 50 so i got this instead.
I gave this to my mother in law for her Bday and she loved it!! She told me today that she brought it to work and all the ladies there are going to order one now. Lol. It's SO fun. I have one myself and that's why I purchased one for her. She seen mine and seemed to like it. So yeah, she cried when  she got it and it works just fine!!
I LOVE MY CAMERA ITS SO CUTE AND IT WAS SO CHEAP!!
I'm sure the camera will be ok, but am dinging the makers of it for not including at least one small package of film with it.  Now I've got to order that and wait a couple more days.
I received my camera today and to be honest I'm a bit disappointed. The camera is cute looking but it's not functioning right. I went to walmart to purchase some film to test the camera. Took 5 photos and they all came out dark/black. Does anyone know what could be wrong with it? Thanks
Arrived on time in perfect condition. Love love love this camera, doesn't work well outdoors but works perfect in doors. Would definitely recommend.
My nine-year-old daughter received this for her birthday and she absolutely loves it.
Love this little camera! It doesn't take the quality pictures I was hoping for, but it's still cute.
Step-daughter loves it! Directions are a tad confusing and I liked the previous generation better. This one has too many bells and whistles, and isn't your simple point and shoot instant camera.
I think the product is very cool. I bought it for my 3 year old's birthday party. We had a photo wall with dress up items. The kids' minds were collectively blown when the picture came out of the camera. They would fight over who got to take it out :)ANYWAY, the product itself feels kind of cheap and it's strange that the way to turn it off is to just push the lens in with your hand, but so far no problems so maybe it doesnt matter that it feels cheap.I've only taken about 20 pictures with it, but so far, so good.
I love my camera. It's very cute and takes nice photos. It definitely was a good purchase.
I always wanted a polaroid camera and was excited when I got this. However I did have some buyers remorse. First, when you take the picture it doesn't come out as it looks through the lens. The object will be either really far or close and fuzzy. Its hard to adjust the light setting because sometimes pictures in the shade come out really dark. Second. You can only take 10 pictures before you need a new roll. And the film is expensive. Its about a dollar per sheet and if you mess the picture up. You just wasted money. I really like it to take general pictures but no advanced photography. I ended up purchasing the Fujimax printer which I liked so much better because I could print out pictures from my phone that I really liked. You know what the picture looks like before you print it, and you could always edit the picture before printing it. I do like the camera but you are better off buying the printer than the camera.
THINK BEFORE YOU BUY!! The reason that I bought this camera is because my friend has one and as a college student I think it’s really cool and to have one by my own. LOL!!! However, the fact is that I only used it two times and NEVER use it again. I was really exciting when I just received the camera. Be honestly, FujiFilm Instax Mini 8 is a cute-costly-camera. It’s can give you the photo in 10 seconds and it has many different models, like indoor and outdoor. It is a great camera to help you keep the moment and share the photos with your friends. The camera seems cheap which only $78.87; however, for me, the films are SUPER expensive, like 20 sheets for $12.48.  The most important is that if you don’t keep the film in a safe place (it can’t be exposed under sun, you can’t put any pressure on the films, and it can’t be taken out once you put it into the camera.), it will waste the whole package of films. WARNNING!!! If you don’t use the camera, you better take the batteries out. Even though you don’t use the camera, the batteries will still die out really quick. If you really want to have one, you better ask yourself---DO I REALLY NEED IT? If you have many many great moments then you should. Nevertheless, if you like me, don’t have much parties then I suggest you do not waste your money and take photos by your phone.
ok
Soooo cute!
This camera is fantastic. Pictures are beautiful. Fun addition for our scrapbook.
I have not used it for the event that I bought the camera for.  But the 'test drive' was great!  Took great pictures.
I bought this for my stepdaughter's `14th birthday.  She loves it.  Obviously, if you are looking for a super high quality photo, this would not be the camera.  What it is perfect for is taking and printing shots instantly.  They are small little pictures that you can put anywhere.  They fit perfectly in planners, SMASH books, scrapbooks, or other little projects such as that.  The film isn't super cheap so you need to be willing to take a less than perfect, spontaneous shot as you won't want to take a dozen to get the "perfect" shot.  Overall, this camera is perfect for teens and adults to just take fun photos!
I love it!!!
so far its great!
My daughter loves it. Great pictures
Good
Basics: This camera arrived really quickly. The grape colour is exactly as it appears on the site. It came with batteries and an instruction manual with English on it.I wanted a  instant camera for a long while and so I took the plunge when I saw it was a good deal. I chose the grape because I loved the colour and it arrived shortly after. The first picture I took was clear but somewhat lower quality than the reviews led me to believe thus the removal of one star. Still, it was a great picture and the camera is adorable and sturdy. I will definitely love exploring this cute little tool.
Love it
Absolutely LOVE IT
Pictures are darker than the old school Polaroid.  It's ok Probably would not buy again.
This is a beautiful, probably not practical, Hello Kitty Instant Cam. So if you are the kind like me who is in love with Hello Kitty enough to completely disregard impracticability this is for you. I don't see myself carrying it around all the time since it is huge and only loads 10 mini pics at a time, but I will pull it out for instant gratification.
Cute lil camera, bought this for an 11 year old. She loves it, has little pictures of her and her friends and family all over her room. I just purchased  more film for this the other day.
Love this camera it's so cute and everyone loves it
I was so excited to get this. I was not dispointed. It's a cute size easy to use and just fun.
Great product.
Fun toy
Who doesn't love a Polaroid?
Great little camera; daughter enjoys it.
Great gift for kids.
Great product, but good thing I purchased films.. didnt know there were no films
Absolutely wonderful buy!
In love with this product! My husband ordered it for a Christmas gift and I have had so much fun with it.
I love this so much! It takes amazing photos!
Best camera ever
My daughter loved the camera!
Bought this for my 13 year old daughter.  She loves having a photo instantly and I appretiate the nostalgia.
my daughter loves this camera
Very small pics!!
When I purchased this camera is was broken. I didn't even get to use it once, very disappointed.
Bought these for our daughters for Christmas and they love them.
LOVE this camera. It came packaged nicely and promptly. I definitely recommend getting this. Cheaper than a Polaroid, but does the same job.
Purchased this item for my daughters graduation for guests to take a picture with her. It was not what I expected and the pictures that did turn out were poor quality. I would NOT recommend this item to anyone. Not sure if it was the camera or the film but out of 20 taken maybe 5 were decent. Memories were lost and I am very disappointed with this item.
Great quality camera and very user friendly! Love how the pictures have that nostalgic look to them. Would recommend.
I love this camera I take with me everywhere. Its great for little photos. The only thing I didn't realize is the size of the film is very small. I wish It was bigger but other than that, It's great!
The camera is amazing (I got the twin pack so it came with the film) but it came earlier than expected which was super thrilling. It came undamaged which was a big relief and the film wasn't damaged either. I followed the instructions word for word (it's not that hard to follow) and took my first picture. It developed just fine and came out great. I started taking more pictures and it was so much fun they all came out perfect. I highly recommend getting this product I can't wait to buy more film for the camera.
Bought this for a gift, my daughter loved it! Works good.
My husband bought this camera for me as a Christmas gift.  Sorry I waited past Christmas for delivery because it just wasn't worth it.  The camera did not feel good in my hands and I felt as though I was going to drop it.  The quality of the pictures was very poor.  You couldn't even tell what you were looking at.  I sent the camera back for a refund.
very nice, there was one little scratch but overall, I loved it!
Excellent product!
I'm writing this as my 9yr daughter tells me what she does and doesn't like about. She loves this because it is purple, it is a good fit for hwr hands and isn't too big and being able to get immediate pictures when she meetsa new friend.  The only think she doesn't like or at least doesnt seem to matter is the focusing feature.  She says she can't tell any difference.I actually used it at a family reunion and it was so great because you can immediately get pictures of folks you may not see again and share them.  Many older folks may not be inclined to know how to get online to download digital pictures that are emailed.  This is a great alternative.  I have tons of pics in my phone but I have 8 on of these Instax on my fridge that I see everyday.
I absolutely love my camera. It is so cute and small so you can bring it everywhere. It also takes adorable pictures.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she has used it a lot since.  It takes poor quality pictures, even given the novelty of what it is.  The flash is always on, making for some additional difficulty in taking decent pictures.  If you're expecting old school Polaroid sized pictures, you'll be sorely disappointed.  The pictures are roughly half that size.  Add to that the considerable expense of the film and a lot of the fun of this camera quickly fades.  Do yourself a favor, try out the Polaroid instead.
The pictures are tiny. The viewfinder is nearly impossible to see through. All you can do is point in the general direction and hope.
Muy buen producto
This was bought for a friend & she loved it!
AWFUL. DOES NOT WORK AND A WASTE OF MONEY.
2nd time buying and still a great experience! This was a gift for my brother and he loved it
Great price and a very cool product!
OK - this thing is awesome!It is a crowd pleaser, it is fun and easy. My 9 year old LOVES it. We got some props and did a photobooth with it, and she loves taking the pictures and watching them magically appear.  You can then use the results for photo magnets, and buttons and bookmarks and just anything fun!The only drawback - this is a mostly indoor camera - the outdoor shots we've taken are very very exposed.
love it
I have always wanted a polaroid and was ecstatic when I saw this one for a great deal. Easy to load film and love the wrist strap it comes with. Definitely need some practice with using it in proper lighting situations, but it is a fun little camera to have for quick little memories to make.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY CAMERA!!!!!!!
I did not like the quality of the picture its very dark , if you post videos on how to take clear picture that might be helpful
Luv it
Purchased a couple of these cuties for my wedding and honestly, best investment ever!!! Easy to  use and great quality photos.Best part was that the both times i purchased items arrived sooner than expected! 100% recommended.
I gave this camera to my 6 year old daughter for her birthday and she absolutely loves it! She couldn't wait to start taking pics. The picture quality is great. There were a few times it might have been over exposed but we just need to figure out the lighting. I would recommend this item.
8th Bday gift for my daughter- was a total hit!  we bought a cool board to put up in her room to put the pics!
Good camera. Got a 20 dollars gift card from seller.
It works great
I ordered pink, the box was pink but when I opened it the camera was blue.
Love the color! It's easy to use, and it's super cute!
Love this camera and the cute colors! So fun to use!
Love this camera! Our kids love it too. Brings me back to my dad's old Polaroid camera but with a much updated look.It's a snap and shoot kind of camera. I'm still getting used to how to set the flash to the correct setting since we've had a few pictures come out kind of dark but it's been so fun. The actual pictures are smaller than what we had back in the day and you have to purchase those separately. Quality of the picture actually surpassed my expectations. When I have the settings set correctly the picture comes out really nice.We wanted something that would produce pictures instantly, reasonably priced and something our kids could use. We found it with this fun camera.
Great little camera. Sadly, exactly half of the prints didn't process. At $1/print, this is a costly defect.
daughter loves it
It wasn't very accurate with the amount of film left
These pictures are tiny!  I remember the old Polaroid camera and they were decent sized photos.  The camera is fun, you get photos right away, but they are probably only 2" X 1", something like that.  I didn't measure, but they are small compared to old size.
I love this camera! A few days after I purchased it, a few of my friends purchased one of their own. The only thing that is iffy is the somewhat-frequent underexposure/overexposure in photos taken with the correct adjustments per the actual setting (with sunlight, in the dark, etc.).
Excelente
Doesn't seem to change setting, but once you get used to it, it takes cool pictures!  Really digging it.
This is a great little instant picture camera me and my friends love using this! My only complaint is that you can't control the flash but other then that it is very fun.
She absolutely loves it
I love this camera!!
Love it
It's great - easy to work and vintage- love it
Awesome!
I bought this camera for my daughter for her 14th birthday. She loved the camera. This camera is easy to use and is great for a gift for a teenager. I order the black one because that is the color she chooses. This camera has given her tons of fun with her friends.This is a great camera a teenager can put in a bag and take with them when having sleepovers at friends houses. It is small and lightweight and takes great pictures for her to share.I paid full retail price for this camera and this is my honest and unbiased review. ​
My one complaint is that it can't take pictures outside. The lighting has to be 100% perfect to get a good shot. Great for portraits though!
Love it.
Bought for my 12 year old niece and she loves it.  Only downfall is that the "film" is expensive.
Camera is perfect!! Lots of fun to take pictures with.  Everything arrived on time:)
so pretty! contains camera, strap, 2 batteries! easy to operate！
Bought it as a Gift and it doesnt work. Person I gifted it to let me know a little too late and now i cant return it on amazon....
I love it! It's perfect for taking monthly pictures of my daughter. So cute!
I bought this for my wedding, since we were unable to accommodate a photobooth at our venue. Our guest were able to take selfies and glue the pictures to a scrapbook we provided to make an instant "Photo Guest Book".The kids at our wedding had a BALL with this taking pictures of everyone.
Good!
12 year old daughter loves this camera!
Love it, it's so cute.
Very very nice product
LOVE my instax!!
Love........
Came with everything listed and has perfect quality!
Takes wonderful pics. The clarity and color in the film can't be beat. The product is easy to use. It's sturdy and you can move the dial for more options (light exposure etc.). I put the film in backwards once, and worried I damaged something, but everything was fine (no problems at all!) The mini polaroids are fun, and make great party favors or keepsakes too. I love them, fuji is a great product. Highly recommend for the price 50-60$ I wouldn't pay more, but on amazon you  won't. If you're contemplating it, just buy it, you'll love it
I love my Fujifilm Instamax camera!!!!! I have been using this purchase with one that I got to review and it has been the most fun in the world. My son used it to go to DC and we made a little scrapbook for him to keep. My daughter is going to be going on a school trip also and some events in school and I she is going to use to preserve her memories as well. I loved the old Polaroid cameras that were instant, yes i'm that old, but this one is great and new technology. The pictures are pretty sharp and it is not hard to learn to use. The film is a bit pricey, but I love the results so much I just look to buy them in bulk on Amazon. I wish that I had gotten one of these when the kids were younger, it would have been so much fun. Oh, I can't forget to mention the color, I absolutely love this color it is true to the picture and is such a soft canary yellow. Great camera and have quite a few of them.
This Camera is so fun to use!
Such a fun little camera!
Its perfect for capturing the moment!
Bought this for my daughter. She loves it!
Got to my house in time for the GF's birthday. Appeared just as described! Everything worked well and came with batteries.Good: Takes fun instant pictures, not too bulky.Bad: Film is expensive, bad directions
I received this tire inflator and it was not what I expected but I still am happy with it. Not what I needed but a very high quality productPackage arrived on time: Yes the package was on time as promised by seller, I can’t believe that it arrived so fast.Box/Packaging Condition: The box arrived with no damage done to the box or the product. There was sufficient packing materials to keep the product from having any damage done.Price of item: I feel like the product is well worth the price of the item, I would pay retail to order this item again. I can’t believe that such a good quality item is going for this amountLook of item: Just as described and pictured on amazonSize & or weight of item: The item is kind of bulky and heavy but I would expect it from itSmell of item: This item smells of rubberItem used for: Hooking up to an air compressor and checking psi on tiresItem Effects or reactions: Nothing bad to say about productRecommend item: I would recommend this item to anyone who is interested in the product. I have nothing but great things to say and I would be happy to answer any questions that some one interested in buying this product may haveCompare to other brands: This item compares to all other brands I have tried from the expensive to the cheaper ones I think this product is well worth what I paid for the item.Item Satisfaction: I am completely satisfied with this item and so happy I took the chance and purchased it. I still can’t believe that I received this item as such a reasonable price and I am very happy with the item.Received item at a discounted or reduced price for a fair personal honest unbiased review
One the best products I've ever bought! So fun! I love taking pictures.
works great, used it a lot at parties.
The quality of the photos are just okay. Cute & fun product and great for parties.
Great product and quick shipping!
I love this camera! I received it earlier than expected which was a nice surprise. It came with everything shown in the information and it's so easy to set up and use. I would definitely recommend it this to anyone. It's so cute!
Hard to get a good picture outdoors in the sunlight , other than that it is a great camera .
My camera arrived super fast! It was so nice to see my camera in the mail way before estimated delivery day. It came perfectly wrapped and protected in the box. I absolutely love how cute the camera is. I ordered the yellow and it's more of a pastel yellow. It's very lightweight and super easy to use. The camera recommends which setting to use, like if you're outdoors it'll recommend the sunny or super sunny lense (the little sun icon with more rays drawn). The pictures take about 3 mins to develop, pretty fast. The quality is excellent! They are card sized and will fit perfectly in your wallet or whatever you choose. It's a great camera, I recommend it for anyone. I will be buying another one in the future as a gift :)
Glad I got white. It is different but not cheesy looking. Everyone enjoyed this camera at my party.
Best deal I could find and really great quality!
I ordered this for my daughter to give to my 12 year old Grand Daughter ! She absolutely loves it ! She used it within minutes of opening her gifts ! It's a very sturdy camera . Fun for the whole family !Click the button and in a minute you have your instant picture ! Great for Tweens and Teens !Great Gift !Easy to use and load up ! Comes with camera , camera strap , batteriesNew slim camera light weight .Automatic picture exposureNew improved viewfinder great clear crisp picture !Choose your color !My Grand Daughter was very excited about this gift ! Her snapshots are picture perfect !
Best purchase ever! The color is exactly the same as in the photos. The camera is the perfect size, and has a few lighting settings to get your photos perfect! Produced some really great shots!
love it :)
Daughter LOVES the camera.  Have had for several months now...buy extra film!  It's a super cute camera - works well for what it is.  Don't expect any high quality pics...more a fun thing! but GREAT and works well.
Great compact, chunky camera for instant nostalgia!I found this camera very easy to use in spite of English-as-a-second-language instructions. I'm by no means an expert photographer (I took one class in high school 17 years ago and forgot everything but the words f-stop and aperature), but this was easy to use to remember "the good ole days". Even the sound of the flash firing and the film shooting out brings back memories. The flash is always on, which was fine for the indoor setting in which we have since primarily used it. Picture quality is about what you would expect from ye olde Polaroid, and that's just fine for me. I didn't buy this camera to just capture memories--I bought it to MAKE memories.The pictures themselves are small but charming, about the length of my middle finger and less than half as wide as the length. The film shoots out of the camera just like a classic Polaroid and takes about as long to develop as the classic brand did, so be patient if you don't seem your image come through for a couple of minutes. It develops with that wonderful, yellowy vintage sheen that's so appealing to my nostalgia, and because the picture sizes are so small, they make wonderful gifts and be tucked anywhere--wallets, bulletin boards, desk frames.For my part, I bought these for my son's third birthday carnival. You can see in the attached photo that they were part of the giveaways to my guests after they took pictures at our photo wall. My guests went gaga over them. Lots of happy friends that day!
Great
Amazing! Bought this for my daughter, takes amazing pictures and is easy to understand.
I bought the Fujilim intax mini 8 camera as a gift to my friend for her weeding with time in advance,she did not test the camera before and the day of their wedding when they were going to use the camera, but this one didn't work,  they tried with different films and batteries but never works. The camera started to show a red light.
The product works great and is easy to use. I don't like reading directions and I figured it out. Haha. The strange thing about this little camera is where the button to take pictures is. The placement is a little odd and I actually have to think before taking a photo. The photos come out great. I love the size of them!
Shipped and received when supposed to. Wish the polaroids were larger, but apparently this is the new size. Camera is bit heavy, and polaroids are expensive. Read the directions, and then read again before using. We wasted a few polaroids due to careless reading of instructions. Product as described.
I love this new style of fujifilm camera it's perfect for traveling and just packing it on a carry on bag. It takes amazing pictures and its super affordable! Love this
i just wanted to say i received this in less than 24 hours! via PRIMEhow cool is that!great product, have yet to use it, i am bringing it on vacation with me this week
Love this product! Really great way to capture memories!
Fun little camera
I've wanted an instant film camera for as long as I can remember so getting this in the mail was super exciting! It did not disappoint! It feels sturdy and looks so cute and putting in the film is a breeze. It does not come with film so be sure to get that also!It works well and tells you where to adjust the lens according to the lighting. There's also a booklet inside that tells you how to adjust it to be brighter if that's the look you're going for.I had a slight problem with Amazon delivering it past the two day mark (originally 5 days and then down to 3) so just be aware of that if it's for an event like mine was.
First off, I wouldn't recommend buying this camera for large scale family photos or pictures for gatherings. - Which I knew ahead of time by watching product overview videos. I spefically bought this product for cataloging my rock collection since I'm an amateur geologist. Since the photos are small and in HD, it makes it really easy and convenient to tape/catalog photos in a book.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful is what i have to say! So excited about it and am having too much fun also the film was at a great price for the twin pack! purchased another tiwn pack as well!
I love this camera, it takes great photos.
Love this camera!!!
love this camera. was a great purchase at great price.
As described, A +
Nice camera. Only wish it came with some sample film.
All products were as described and shown in the photos. None of the products were damaged during delivery. All parts worked as stated they would.
Everything
