I am so happy with this Camera. The color is bright and cute and everywhere I go, people always ask me about my camera. It is so much fun to take pictures and have them printed instantly for everyone to see. The pictures are small, about wallet size, but the novelty and fun factor makes up for the small size of the pictures. The film  can be pricy so try to use it in moderation. I totally recommend this camera, you won't be disappointed with it!
fun camera to use. bring it to parties!
Item as described, super fast shipping, great price...100% recommended
It was exactly what we expected very pleased
LOVE IT
My 11 yr old daughter and her friends are having a blast with this camera.  They think the instant developing is the coolest, and the different borders that you can buy on the mini film is fun!
used it for our wedding. so easy! great photos
Gift for my sister when she was getting married and took pictures at the wedding and it was wonderful to give her an album immediately!
Exactly as described.
Bought this for my daughter who is very artistic and 9 years old. She had watched some youtube videos and wanted to try this. She loves it. She has taken tons of pictures. The only issue is that it Is expensive now that I'm used to having digital, but it is fun for her.  Easy to load the film.
It's cute, easy to use and I use it all the time!
Bought this as a gift for my granddaughter.  Nice little camera for a pre-teen who loves taking pictures with her friends.
Great
Camera was great, but haven't taken pictures yet can't get film.  Hope the pictures are good.
It eureka fine but pictures are really small.
This is so fun.  So cute. Such a nostalgic throw back to my youth.  And it's super fun to take a picture of a millennial kid, say, a 22 year old bartender - and then actually hand them a physical picture, right there on the spot and watch their mind get blown IRL.  It's kind of hilarious. Suddenly, this old lady is the fun one taking live selfies in public.  Crazy! Also, it's a good quality instant camera.  More options for lighting than I would have figured.  Super cute size pics.  AWESOME for our annual Halloween party and photo booth - leaving guests with a party favor.  Huge hit!
My daughter really likes this camera. She's been through 3 packs of film already!
Taking decent pictures and figuring out lighting and which flash to use takes some time to get used to but I love my cute little camera!!
This camera is perfect! Best gift I ever gave myself
very good
Awesome
My frist polaroid camrea and I love it! Aside from its obvious good looks , it's easy to handle , very light and portable.It takes very clear photos that make your skin look flawless! The photos are credit card sized so you can easily put them in wallet or create any type of project with them.The only down fall on this product is that the instax film can be a bit pricey....but aside from that I love this product!
We had this in our wedding. our guests loved taking intant selfies and we love looking back to them.
Love my pink instax camera! I get compliments on it all the time! The actual pictures are smaller than the old Polaroid camera's had but the final result is still the same. Beautiful moments captured in each photo!
love this camera. takes great pics. fun and fast.
Very easy to use and I got exactly what I ordrred
bought it for my daughter, she is so happy
LOVE IT!!! Cutest gift I've ever given for sure. It came well packaged, and came quick
Great camera for a 13 yr old, daughter loves it.
Great Camera
Thx Taylor Swift!!
I love this camera, it's great for making memories with friends and family. Everyone I take pictures with absolutely love it. The film is expensive apart from the camera, but you can find some good prices. Overall, it's a great camera, it's fun, easy to use. I'm happy with it.
Love this little instant camera! Its nice to have actual pictures instead of them being on your phone all the time
Teenage daughter loves this camera
Great service, great product
My 9-year old loves it. Film is too expensive and two of the 10 films did not work.
Price ti high
My daughter loves it
My daughter loved it no wonder it was the hot hard to get Christmas gift this year.
Great! Tks!
This is a really cool camera. It works great. However it did not come with instructions. THere are buttons/lights on the camera but I do not know how to work them. I have to look up instructions from online. It works great though. My daughter has taken several pictures.
Daughter loves it!
I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it.  The film is kind of pricey, but there's nothing like it.
Fantastic
Terrible, total waste of money!  My daughter took one picture and it broke.  The lights flash but that's about it.  What a disappointing Christmas gift!
great
she loved her gift!
Granddaughter loved it!!
All my friends have been buying these, and I had to jump on the band wagon. .. I love it! Super cute, takes great pictures and it's fun to play with!
great product and fast shipping.
Just started using this and it's soooo cool!!!! Film us very expensive, otherwise I love it :)
My 11 year old loves it.
This camera is just too cute! My friend has one of these and I immediately fell in love with it. It's easy to use and very compact. This is great for taking pictures with friends and family.
This camera looks and feels almost like a toy, but the pictures are great. I love it.
My daughter love it!!!
My daughter loved this camera as have all her friends and family.  It is simple to work and she loves the instant pictures!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera. Yes, the pictures are small (credit card size).. but I basically purchased it specifically for my daughters birthday... Took pictures at the party and attached them on the goody bags so the kids would have memory of how fun the party was. I highly recommend this product! Shipping was fast, very easy to use.. It's just fabulous.
The shipping was really fast!! It's such a cute color works really good. I'm in love with it!
Loved it while it worked after a while it didn't turn on anymore. Only used it a few times even with new batteries and new film doesn't turn on anymore. I've never dropped it or got it wet.
This is a great Camera for any occasion. It is very simple to use. I totally recommend this camera!
Wedding reception fun for the guestbook.
My granddaughter loves it.  A little hard to find film for but otherwise well loved!
Awesome!
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my 12 year old daughter.She loved it!
On time shipping. Product as described.
good product
less than a year old now it doesn't work, ??? still under warranty, bought the extended will see how that goes, cute camera hardly ever used
The very best camera!
Exactly what my granddaughter wanted.
My daughter absolutely loved it!! Shipped fast...
Good camera ....Kids loved it.
I was leary about buying a camera online, and especially a Polaroid type camera.  This has exceeded our expectations.  This was a gift for a pre-teen, and she absolutely loves it!  Her friends can't seem to get enough of it either.  They are plowing through the film - ha!  Great camera, and comes in different colors.
I loved it came in sooner then I thought !!! -Ruth Palma
awesome
Love it but would be nice if it could download pics to the computer too.
Gift for my 11 yr old granddaughter. She loves it and has already shot up 4 rolls of film.
Shipped faster than expected. It's perfect.
Exactly as I (my daughter) expected. Nice camera for fun.
I love this camera! The pictures are small. The size of a credit card but they are just like what I remember. Everyone wants one for tier own fridge! Only down fall is the camera isn't as small as a digital or a cellphone so it's harder to carry around but it's totally worth it! Love it!
Christmas gift for  my 12 year old.  took tons of picts.  good quality. We (as adults) had a blast with it aswell.
Great Camera for someone young. The best quality that you could expect from a polaroid camera. It's light weight and fun to use. The film is sold seperately starting at $10 for 10 sheets. My daughter (17) is very pleased with it.
a gift to granddaughter - she's thrilled with it/it seems to take and print quality pics.
The camera is great! Took great pictures!
So Fun to Use!!
Bought this for my wife as a Christmas present. She loves it. Takes good pictures and ready in mins. Also allows me to laugh as she and my sons dance and sing around our house..." Shake it like a Polaroid picture"
Dont always use it but its fun
Great my Tweenie loves it.
works great. easy to use
very good product
Our 15 year old Great Granddaughter was very pleased with this camera.
Kids love the camera. works well.
I bought this camera for my wife for Christmas. She opened it up and tried using it right away. The camera flashed for the first picture (which happened to be a test shot). From the second picture on the camera will not flash and the pictures come out either completely black or very close to it. I tried to return the camera, but they made a policy that I have to return it within 7 days of delivery. Well, considering it was a Christmas present, I was clearly past that window on the day the camera box was opened.So I'm out the full price of the camera and 6 additional rolls of film that I purchased for it.
Cute little camera, kids love it.
We gave this to my 9 year old for Christmas (Winter 2014).  I did not realize the difficulty finding the film locally so I have to purchase it on-line.  The film can be expensive, your looking at a $1 per picture.  But the idea of an instant picture is just plain fun so it is worth the price.  We purchased additional accessories for this camera which include a** Strap : Camera Strap Professional Shoulder Strap for Fuji Instax mini 8 Camera (Yellow)** Case : CAIUL Transparent Crystal Instant Camera Case for Fujifilm Instax Mini 8** Album : Leaf Photo Album for Fujifilm Instax Mini Films - Mint** Decal : CAIUL Decor Sticker For Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 (Yellow)** Stickers : 20 PCS Scandinavian Style Films Sticker For FujiFilm Instax Mini 8 7s 25 50s** Service Plan : Canopy 2-Year Camera Accidental Protection Plan ($75-$100)** Film : Fujifilm Instax Mini Film Winnie the Pooh
Love love love works great love the color great shipping
Great product! Packaged nicely and unharmed!
I had bought this camera just 3-4months ago and it just suddenly just stopped working on me! Havent even used it that much! It still has a red light on the little hole where you see through but it doesnt have light for the automatic brightness. And when I try to take a picture, it really doesn't work! It says 1year waranty but I really dont know how that works or where to go! Am I gonna get a new one as an exchange for this crappy one that I have?
Good
Got this for my husband. He is in love with this product. Got to my house fast and easy. Would recommend this seller to friends and family. Product works perfectly, i love that i can snap pictures and have them right away. Thanks!
Great camera horrible description of what comes with the camera! I had bought one of these cameras for myself and much to my dismay, even though I read the item description and the actual box that the camera was packaged in when it arrived on my doorstep, there was NO FILM packaged with the camera! The online description and camera box itself both said it would contain 2 of the 10 packs of film. I was willing to pay more for the set! $20 dollars more! I was very disappointed that I couldn't use my fun new toy right out of the box.The camera works great and it very fun to use. As long as you have film of course!
I am thrilled with my new instant camera. I purchased it to use it for the guestbook at my upcoming wedding. The mini picures are wonderful and the quality is consistent with any I stand camera.
Great camera.  Love the instant pics and the automatic feature that tells you the best setting.
good
pictures are too small.  don't come out very clear
it was in mint condition and meet all expectations!
Love the price!Great present!
Fun!
I love this camera!!! I bought a lot of extra film for it with the borders and it's a bit addicting to take pictures. Be careful though as the pictures come out at a price of about $1 a piece. I like to scrapbook and this makes a great addition to my pages. Always looking for something different to  make things look interesting. I love the size and they also make great little party favors, if you have people over. Take a picture of them and give them the photo. It's very easy to use too, would make a great gift.
Just what granddaughter asked for
Excellent super happy. Bought it as a gift and they loved it so much. Excellent idea for any age and super easy to use
great customer service  great product
It's okay.I wouldn't want to rely on it for any important pictures. My daughters have had fun playing with it. Pictures are cute but you need good lighting.
Great product! My daughter loves it.  Was shipped promptly & in perfect condition.
Excellent all am very happy
One of my best purchase yet!!! I love it!!! Fast shipping and smooth transaction!
Fun camera
Awesome!
great to capture memories and honestly it is handy when you dont want to carry a huge camera.
Instant smiles
Instant smiles!
Good
My 18 year old daughter was thrilled with this gift. If you plan to purchase this, be aware that the prints are very small. They are not standard polaroid size.
Works as expected.
Does what its suppose to do.
Amazon delivered fast and camera works great! Nice picture.
This has been a fun and cute way for my daughter to cherish the moments with her friends.
Thank you for a promo delivery and the merchandise in good working order thanks.
My daughter really wanted this for Christmas. I ordered it a couple of days before Christmas and still got as promised by Christmas eve.
Awesome camera! My granddaughter loves it. Pictures are perfect! I want one for myself.
Only camera was delivered, no films came
Great product and shipped fast!
Works great and really cute!!!  Fun for daughter and her friends. Get extra film!!
Great product!
Great Xmas gift, my granddaughter loved it,esp the color.
I bought this polaroid camera as a christmas gift to myself. I love it. The settings are awesome, 98% of my photos turn out really well. I also like that the camera has a dial that indicates how many pictures you  have left in your film.
I love the camera.
Gift for my daughter, she loves it!! Easy to use and fun film boards have her snapping pics of everything!
Makes business card size pics, great for teen get togethers,...or other instant memories...
Nice!
Get the lighting right first when snapping pics with this camera. Film is about $1/pic unless you go with a value pack. Overall, it's girly and a lot of fun!
excellent
great price, fast shipping. thank you!
Camera was exactly as described and functions perfectly.  This was a gift and I was concerned about a timely delivery.  Much to my suprise the camera arrived earlier that the manufacturers forecast.
I bought the camera for my 15 years old dougther, she use for take pictures with her friend and family, after about 35 pictures, the camera does not work anymore. I reviewed if it could be returned, but with amazon you have only 30 days. The camera its on trending but think about before buy it.
This is a great and fun camera!!! It is easy to use and the pictures are really nice quality for such a small instant camera. I bought this as a gift for my brother and he loves it!! I would buy this again and recommend it!
Just plain amazing
Love the instant pictures! The pictures are just the right size and the film is very easy to load.
My teen daughter is having fun with this camera.  It is such a concept for her to have immediate printed pictures to share and hang in her room.  The quality is nice and she loved the cute grey and white polka dot strap that came with the camera.  Nice design detail.
my gf loved it!!
Gave to Grandaughter for Christmas. She was thrilled.
Got this as a Christmas present for  my brother and he loves it!
I got this as a gift for my tween/teen nieces; they love it.  It was so fun for them to have actual pictures of them and their friends to put up in their room.  It may seem like a dated idea, but kids rarely actually get pictures printed anymore.  They also really liked just using the camera and waiting for the film to develop.  They show me the pictures they have taken whenever I see them.  I highly recommend this as a gift for anyone.  I think I may also get my sister one to use at her wedding.
Camera kind of gimmicky not pro. but grandaughter was thrilled.
Best buy ever! I bought this for my 14 year old daughter, along with a bundle of fun film, and she absolutely LOVES this camera! It's so nice to see pictures of her and her friends in a time where most everything is only on phones and computers! I actually would love to have one for myself too!
Easy to use... Wish pictures were more 'crisp'..... But it is exactly what the soon to be newly weds wanted for their reception
Just as advertised. Worked great  out of the box. Teen loved it. Thankfully less expensive than in other sites.
The cover piece for the battery part will not stay on.
Love this camera!!
My granddaughter was quite pleased!
adorable but pricey
I bought this camera for my granddaughter and she loves it. It's a good camera that is simple to use and you get instant gratification. The pictures are very clear and the camera is easy to handle.
This was a Christmas gift for our daughter who is a photographer. She was beyond pleased with the camera and how well it performed. The price and prompt delivery was great! Thank you again!
just for kids
This was a Christmas present for my pre-teen daughter.  She loved it.  The photos it produces are too small for my taste, but they were perfect to her.  The pictures produced were clear and looked nice.  Just be aware that the camera is a little bulky and the film is a little expensive.
quick delivery and as expected
My 14 year old daughter loves this Christmas present.  Her 19 year old sister is now asking for one also.  Perfect size polaroid picture to hang on a string with clothes pins.
Loved it!!!!
exactly what my daughter was expecting
Taking photos with the camera is just fun.
Amazing! This was indeed worth the prize.
I love my mini polaroid! Just make sure to learn the settings so you can capture each photo at full potential!!
fun camera - remember it doesn't like photographing things more than a foot or two away
So cute and fun to have!!!
Film is expensive!
Amazing instant film camera.I bought it in the beginning of 2014, and it still works as if i bought it yesterday. I haven't even changed the batteries yet! I would definitely recommend this for everyone, it's so vintage, and cute. The picture quality is awesome, yet the one thing I dislike is where you look into the camera to see what you're taking a picture of, it's off to the side of the actual lens, so you kind of have to angle it a little more to the right when you're taking it if you want it centered. But yeah, if you're contemplating on getting these cameras, DO IT. You won't regret it.
Used this for pictures for a sign in book at my wedding. The camera is relatively easy to use; however the instructions are not super clear about how to load film and turn off the camera (to turn off the camera you push the lens back into the camera so it is flush). Guests had a little trouble loading film, but it didn't cause any issues at the wedding.
Excelente producto
Got it on time and it came well packed and not damaged at all so I really like this product.
Fun product and great time in shipping. Thank you.
My granddaughter loves it
Daughter loves her new camera!!!
Saved my daughter's Christmas! Had the last two cams in stock and arrived earlier than I thought was possible!!! The cam was her favorite present by far :)
Quick Delivery.  Item as described.
My Daughters loved it.
She loves the camera
My daughter who is 13 is the pickiest girl. She's difficult to shop for and she absolutely LOVED this camera. The color is popular and so cute. We got the accessory case an kit to go with it. Thank you for shipping it straight away.
My daughter LOVES it!!! Super cute and awesome quality.
My granddaughter loved it!
Super cool
Quick shipping-good product.
amazing product, fun and cute
Good
My teenage daughter loves this camera!
easy to use
My daughter loved it
My 5 and 7 year olds got these for christmas. They work great and they LOVE them. However the film is crazy expensive and this has proven to be a serious exercise in restraint for kiddos of this age. I'd suggest digital unless your kids are a bit older or not super into photographing everything cool they come across!
got this for my 10 yr old daughter for Christmas! she loved it!! Now she can take pics and give them to her friends and or hang in room. much better then boring pictures sitting on a phone
Good camera.  Provides a nostalgic feel with each picture.  Daughter uses this and takes photos of her friends.
As described,  received on time.
My daughter loves this camera. Very pleased with this purchase so far. Very easy to use. I purchased the pale yellow one & it's a very pretty pastel yellow. Looks great with the turquoise blue hard case we also purchased to go with it. :)
perfect
was a gift to granddau. she loves it. have not seen any photos yet.
Fun camera for tween daughter, although the film is expensive.
Perfect little instant pictures. With accessory package lots of ways to save and display the pictures. Camera and bag are well constructed and easy to use. My granddaughter  loves it.
I'm so happy with the camera.
I don't get the hype over this camera. It's very nicely made. It's super cute. But is a total novelty. It takes the worst pics ever. And the size of the photos are so very small. We have used it twice in 1 year. Waste of money unless your teenager.
I love it..
Great gift for my daughter she loves it.
So far so good.  My daughter loves her new camera.  Shipping was quick and packaged well.  Would buy again if needed.
Seems easy to use for my 9 year old grandson; however, I didn't realize the pictures are only the size of a credit card.  It would be nice if there was film available other than the mini.
Product came exactly as advertised. The description was clear and concise. The shipping was very quick.  My granddaughter was extremely excited and squealed with delight on Christmas morning when she unwrapped the camera.
I'm not sure if that's the one she really wanted, she may have to exchange it, but it is the one she put on her wish list! So that's the one I ordered!
my daughter loves it!!
Great camera comes with batteries and a rist strap
I love my camera it fun and captures the moments
So cute I love it :)
My wife loves it. Very hipster looking
My daughter and her friends LOVE this thing. Cracks me up that in this day and age of technology, this throwback 1980s technology is the in thing! Works well and takes decent pictures.
This little camera produces amazing mini photos. Our 6 year old granddaughter loves it!
I'm a huge fan of this camera and it's a really fun item to have around. I've only used it a couple of times and I think the quality is decent. The photos turned out well for indoor portraits. However, I tried taking a picture of a downtown skyline at night and the photo didn't turn out well at all. The flash was set on the lowest setting but the entire picture still turned out black. This camera is best suited for well lit situations or use of flash on close up objects. I wish it had a no flash option. The AA battery feature is also a bit of a hassle, so it'd be nice to see something that is rechargeable. I bought this used in new condition and when I first put in new batteries and film in it and turned it on, all the lights on the front and eyepiece kept blinking. I was afraid that I had bought a bad camera but luckily it worked fine with the switch to different batteries.The price of the film is also a huge downer. However, crutchfield and other sites sell it for around $14.99.**Edit:I ended up upgrading this camera to the Neo Classic Instax 90 which is more than double the price unfortunately but I'm hoping it'll be a better investment. The Instax Mini 8 is great if you're taking indoor photos of friends and parties but because my use was primarily landscape, the limited functions of this camera were hard to work with. I definitely debated whether or not to switch because this was so much fun to work with but if you're hoping to invest more in the photos then possibly this camera isn't for you or a DSLR is. It's also rather awkward and bulky. I did have a number of great shots in the small amount of time I had this though so it does the job for a low(er) cost!
I got it when the price was about $60 so I'm very lucky! This camera is perfect. When the photos develop it has a cute filter on it to always make your pictures look amazing.
This camera is awesome. The pictures turn out great! Perfect for someone who loves to take pictures and use them for crafts or give away as gifts.
I bought this camera for my 22 year old daughter and she has enjoyed being able to share her photos instantly with friends.  It's easy to use and a handy size.
So far so good, my daughter loves it. Having a hard time finding film, guess we'll  be ordering more online.
Loved it!
Very nice color of yellow and my daughter, 19, loved it. Develops pictures like a Polaroid.  Pictures are smaller, but fine with her! Picture quality is just like a Polaroid. Daughter loved this camera!
love it the best gift to buy!
This is a great camera, but the film is VERY expensive, making it unusable very quickly.
would have been great with a case.
Great camera.  In the age of cell phone technology, my kids love the instant'print aspect of this camera.  Its bigger than most of their high-tech gadgets, but they have fun.
I would rate this higher because my daughter loves it BUT the picture and the badly worded description implies that the film is included with the set. I found the camera for less money from other retailers but thought this included a pack of film. I realize it is my mistake but I won't  make it again.
There was no film with the camera or accessory pack.  We couldn't find any locally either.  What a disappointment on Christmas Day!
This was a Christmas present for my daughter. She loves it!!!
Quality of pics has not been good. Fuzzy. Item & film too pricey.
My daughter loves this thing. In a time of iPhones and selfies it's a polaroid that turned out to be her favorite gift. The only thing is an 11 year old that is always taking pictures on an iPhone needs to learn that real film costs money. lol. Great quality. She says it's the new-old big thing. Best Christmas gift by far.
The camera is an adorable size, but the quality of the photographs is definitely not what I expected. I actually gave it to my toddler as a toy, I used up all the film trying different settings but it just was not what I was looking for. The pictures are about the size of a credit card, and they mostly come out blurry and faded. I bought about ten rolls of film and went through it all so quick, but I've used professional cameras before, so maybe my standards are just too high. Some people seem to really enjoy this camera! If you've got the money to try it out, do, you may really enjoy it.
works awesome so pretty and cool and they ship is SUPER fast!! Love it
Purchased for my daughter and she has loved taking pictures and seeing them immediately print out.Very popular with the teenage crowd. Highly recommend.
Buyer beware! Very expensive film!
My daughter loves this camera. Easy to operate.
Nice little photos. Old style of no retakes. Fun
Pretty darn great for making memories.
I got this for my Girlfriend, for her birthday. She has always loved old Polaroid cameras, so when I saw that these mini ones were made, this was a no brainer. They produce a credit card sized photo, with a really great quality to it. Surprisingly high quality, in fact. The film refills are a bit pricey and can add up, but its worth it. This thing is fun and its really cool having these instant photos around for capturing those really dumb moments. Film will always carry more emotions/memories with it.
Its a gift. Didn't open yet.
This is the best thing ever. I LOVE IT. its better than other cameras. i wasnt shure of buying it, but its really cool. you get your photo instantaneously and is super cute.
Plastic cover for the battery broke off on day one, could not find a way to return or exchange the camera. Using scothc tape to keep the batteries in.
a gift for my daughter and she is having lots of fun with it.
It works beautifully, and the pictures are so cool!
My girlfriend loves it..however I did not recieve the film on time so we had to buy some at target which was ridiculously expensive.. almost 2.00 dollars a picture  yikes... still i recommend it..its awesome
I got a ton of compliments on it and everyone kept asking where I bought it Amazon of course super fast delivery over all awesome purchase
Came in perfect!
it's amazing!!
lovely camera
I wrote the camera review on the film recommendation space.  That's what you get for not reading first.  Life goes on.  My granddaughter loves both the camera and the film.
Awesome Camera!
Purchased as xmas gift for daughter.  Worked for less than a year before it became a paperweight.  Orange blinking lights, will not take pictures.  Appears to be a common problem with this cheap camera.  Time to see if the warranty will kick in
Gift for my daughter for Christmas, so not sure how well it works, but it definitely is cute.
It took long to get to my place but I'm so happy I got it cause it's so fun to use :) thanks it's worth it get one
I love this camera. I use my camera for pictures of my son all the time. It is easy to use and whimsical.
Granddaughter likes.
I think it's difficult to manage photos for a kid who is use to a phone. It's hard to take a good picture.  The quality comes out questionable each time.  It takes time.  It's just okay because it's not as easy to use and because of this, it sits in her room on her shelf.
This camera is perfect for creating an impromptu photo booth or just adding a touch of fun to events where the most used camera is someone's phone! I was really looking for something simple to use and this model definitely does the trick!
It's for Christmas and I haven't opened it yet.
The camera box was completely destroyed by water. The only reason I didn't return the camera was because its so close to Christmas and it worked, thankfully.
wonderful
Good buy
i wish it came with film...the camera works really nicely and the images are vintage but high in quality - the film is just  an added expense that adds up quickly. it should come wit ha at least a few
I love it so much I wanna buy them all! Lol it's seriously my favorite camera..
We bought this camera for our daughter for her birthday. It was a big hit with all the kids.  Picture just ok
I'm using it well~Thank you so much ^^
great product and seller
Super cute cameras, very easy to use, the pictures are small but they are great for cards, for crafting, love it love it love it.
This thing is awesome and really easy to use. I could see myself using this for a long time.
The camera is bulky and hard to hold while taking pictures. The plus is that everyone I took a pic of was able to take it with them as a token of the event.
This is a very basic Polaroid camera with very small pics.  It's point and click with only outdoor or indoor settings.  Flash is always on.  You load the film, matching yellow inserts to make sure it's upright.The pics are pretty good.  Total classic Polaroids, so forgiving unlike digital.  You can't see wrinkles on faces or zits. That kind of thing.We purchased some of the fun, creative films to make this even more cool.  We also bought a case to protect it while not in use as it's not the sturdiest contraption.  Just very basic plastic.Overall, my son loves it.  It's a great novelty item for teens or Polaroid lovers.  We are getting a wire to hang photos in his room.  Lightweight and easy to use
Great for kids!!
Great little camera..Love getting pictures instantly..Reminds me of all that was good about the Eighties.
It's prefect. Exactly what I want
But I returned it because the films are way too expensive. This camera was great. Had it in yellow, which was beautiful. I only wished the film would have been cheaper, I would have kept it.
Ordered a couple of these to go on the tables at our Wedding Reception.  Everyone LOVED taking photos all night and we put together a book after of all the pics ;)  Order LOTS of FILM!!! None comes with the camera.
Nice
Amazing pictures
love this productworks great, firm grip, easy to use
I'm inlove with this camera. I like taking pictures with it. I don't take pictures of anything random like others may use it but I use it during family occasions and holidays. It's great to a give a memory away to family. It feels like a toy but it's not :D
love it. i'll be a good Christmas gift,Thanks.
Love, I simply love it.
pictures are smaller than I thought though
Instant photos!!!
Love it
Took forever to get to me but when I got it...it was worth the wait.  Very fun camera
Works great!
Great buy! A lot of fun
Used this camera at work for a project and knew it would make a fantastic Christmas gift, bought two with loads of film. Recommend for anyone, fun at parties, for scrapbooking, really anything!
Delivered timely and worked as expected. Light weight and good price.
My granddaughter loved this.
Oh my gosh! Best camera! Everywhere I go people are so jealous from ALL ages!
Bought for my middle aged daughter.  She loves it!  Old school rules!
I love it.
Item as described, fast shipping. My little girl is going to love this Christmas morning.
Such a great purchase. Been wanting an instant film camera for a while and this was worth the wait! So easy to use. Creates fun photos. Always put the crowd in awe!
Not very portable, but a very nice and modern looking camera. The film is a bit expensive, but we bought a 50 pack so hopefully that will last for a good amount of time. Since the pictures come out credit card size, it can be a little small if you are taking a picture of something farther away, too bad there isn't a way to zoom. Also, Its kind of hard if you want a "random" person to take a group picture since with this camera, you have to be pretty careful of how you take it since the picture comes out right away, and you don't want to waste too much film. I reccommend to have good experience with photography if you are planning to get this. Otherwise, it's a very cute & cool camera.
my doughter loved, we have so much fun
I bought this camera in March of 2014. I am very pleased with how it has held up. The only problem I've faced with it is the camera did overheat while I was at Disneyworld and the photos couldn't develop because of it. That was my own fault though, since I knew that I shouldn't let the film or camera get over heated. My sister and friend also have intax cameras, and we often share the pictures with each other and display them in our rooms. I am extremely happy with this purchase. It made a wonderful addition to my camera collection!
Great and handy.
Very nice, came on time
Everyone loved this added little gift at the wedding. used it to take polaroids of my wedding guest. It was so much fun.
My girlfriend love it, creates great moments with it
I love love love my cameraIt's so awesome and easy to use.It works greatJust wished I purchased more film lol!!!!It's very cuteLove this cameraWill recommend this purchase.My hubby made a great buy.  Thanks
the pic came out not really good, the pics came out dark no matter I took them at night or day time. The color of the camera is cute though
when i first saw the camera I thought the films were gonna come with it. I was so excited, but all I got when I opened the box was just the camera, I was really excited to see everything together the camera and the films with it, I am disappointed  , Now I can't make memories with just a camera and no films to take pictures with.
Too expensive for this camera since is one to use only for certain occasions, but once is time to prepare the camera for that one special picture it truly does a good job.
My daughter loves this, it's amazing how we revert back to older type of cameras. It's allot of fun.
Quality of pictures in regards to color isn't great.  Not sure if it is the packet of film being used or the camera.
perfect christmas gift!
I honestly love this. I take it everywhere with me and everyone loves the photos. It's a great choice for anyone who wants a physical picture and not carrying around a bulky camera
I love my insta mini so much. Really great investment.
daughter loves it.
Love the camera!
Works great! I bought it for a camera for a "photo booth" at my daughters 20th birthday!
OKAY
very good
Nice camera for a young girl. I bought this for my 8 yr old granddaughter and she just loves it. Worked fine right from the first shot. Be sure to read the instructions BEFORE operating it and you will not have any problems. Also instruct who ever will be using this camera there is no second chance to erase and take another. Be sure of the shot and don't take random pics as you would with a electronic camera with SD card. Each photo will cost 50 cents or so. It's a re-learning thing.
Well made, sturdy and fit the description.  The camera worked as advertised and the pictures (although small) come out clear and bright. Love it.
i love it, everyone loves it too! They have asked me so many questions as where to get it, and how much. I dont think the price is too much, specially since ive seen it somewhere else for $100. Is $1 a picture too expensive? yes. But i still love it,, the pictures come out pretty good, just try not to take selfies.
love my instant polaroid camera.
Great. As expected
AWESOME! thank you!
Daughter was happy with purchase. . It was a birthday present and her birthday is on halloween. An extra film purchase is recommended. It was funny cause I had to explain to her that it developed its self. And boy did that make me feel old!
I ordered one INSTAX mini 8 and received it a week later in wonderful condition. It came in the mail and my experience with it after has been the best! Even though you have to buy film constantly it's very worth it because it creates memories that you can keep. PLUS it's one of a kind and makes each memory even more special. I love my instax mini 8 <3
Loved it
i love it
Love this item, Will make a great Birthday gift for my daughter!! Fast Shipping!!
I love this camera it's amazing!  If you thinking of buying one you should because it is a lot of fun
Just as other reviewers said. Its a bulbously looking camera, kinda playful, but everywhere you go with it people look. I love the reaction from waiters who we ask to take a picture for us - they always get really excited and loop back after a few minutes just to see how the picture turned out. Obviously it is a basic camera - you can only pick the ISO and the camera gives you a suggested number depending on light levels it detects, and you select the level by rotating the ring around the lens. Obviously you cant change aperture or shutter speet and you cant zoom - but thats beside the point, its a polaroid! The viewfinder is slightly off target but we have gotten used it it after a few shots. The flash is super bright so we put white cloth medical tape on it to diffuse the light, which works well. Also obviously in low light its not that great and the flash ALWAYS fires (cant turn it off) so watch out for whitewashing your subject and having black behind them - cover the flash a bit or have a light source behind you. In the same way, at night it cannot pick up buildings or fountains behind you if theyre more than 5-10 feet away. Daytime shooting in parks and streets is great. I havent tried the macro (zoom) mode yet bc I didnt want to waste any shots on things like food, but Id imagine that would be the only way to manually change the aperture so you could get that nice blurry background behind the subject. Maybe I'll try and report back.
Fun
Love it! It's small and easy to carry! It's also great that it automatically suggests which light setting to use.
Fast delivery, great camera.
Ehhh.
I bought two of these cameras, each for a 13 year old girl. The cameras were shipped quickly and the items were exactly as depicted/described. The girls love them and the merchant was great.
Love it!  Hung the cute pictures on a string around my mirror!
I had a few problems with the shipment but finally arrived with 2 days of delay. I love it! ❤️ It is so beautiful and it's the same color as the picture. Definitely my fav christmas present ever.
This is by far one of the best impulse purchases I have made in a while. It is extremely easy to use and the photos turn out great! Just make sure you have plenty of film on hand, because you'll run through it quickly. Everything you need is included with this purchase except for the film itself.  It's also less expensive to buy in bulk.
Fun!
The pictures are so cute. Although I wished it had come with better instruction (took me a while to figure out how to insert the films).
Felt like a kid again :'(it just reminded me with childhood. It produces excellent photos with a touch of old-look. I felt the photos were like 80's or 70's, which I LOVED BIG TIME.I kept taking photos for every single member of my big family, relatives & friends. They all loved it
nice item shipped fast
Absolutely love it!!! Awesome
Daughter loves it.  A little gimmicky, but that is expected.  Works fine.  Pictures are business card sized.
Everything was perfect
Daughter loves it and everyone we meet are amazed by it. The only thing is for those of us who remember the original Polaroids, the size of the picture was much bigger. Would definitely recommend!
the color is cute ,i buy it for my friend‘s daughter ,she likes  it so much .
As listed! Great service!!
Just as expected. Great for party's not so much at the beach but overall a great camera with a great vibe to it. Films a bit expensive but it lasts a long time!
Fun and cute
Bought it as a gift for my 16 year old.  It's been a great little camera!
OMG! I seriously take this where ever I go! I love this camera! It's my baby! It's so vintage! And the film you can buy for it is endless!  It's so light and easy to carry. Easy to use! A child could do it! It comes in different colors. There's many accessories you can buy for it. It's seriously a must have! My friends are always making sure I carry my camera on me at all times. Picture prints right there and then. Great quality! && they are perfect to give out. I've gotten many compliments! Only thing is, it works better when there is sunlight or just any light. When its dark it doesn't take the best pictures but other than that its awesome! Film is easy to put in and it's battery operated but it lasts for a good while before you have to change them!
works perfectly, great resolution! loved it for a photobooth
Had difficulties with opening the battery panel.
I t was a nice gift for my daughter. than you
Yes. INSTANT PICTURES. YES
My boyfriend doesn't like taking pictures. This camera changed my life now he loves to take pictures as we can have it at the moment.  I love this camera. It's awesome
Excellente!
This camera is a lot of fun. I decided to try it out and I'm very happy with the purchase. It's fun to bring along on travels for random snapshots. I am still trying to master the exposure, since it has minimal settings... but that's part of the fun, too!
Item came as described and works great. Really happy with it so far.
Wonderful !
I love this thing.
Awesome! Very fun and easy to use.
Ordered this for a Christmas gift, so haven't seen it in use yet. Im sure will work fine and my nephew will like it.
Bought for my daughters reception and what a blast people had with this camera, taking selfies and being able to write on the bottom of it to leave advice..  It was the hit at the reception
Works awesome! Love it!Have used it for several events and people like the mini size photo that pops out! So quick and easy! A great value
Amaz-Balls!
best thing ever
Very nice camera, which is mostly a novelty.When I was a kid, my parents (in the 70's) had a polaroid camera and we thought the quality was bad, but nowadays, my daughter who got this camera, in the era of 16 MegaPixel cameras on smartphone, think it is the coolest thing in the world.Pros:-Definitely has a novelty factor.-Nostalgics will love this too (I am one of them)-Great subject of conversation.-Due to price of films, you really value and think about photos you take (which we no longer do with digital equipment)-Good quality build.-Very easy to use.Cons:-This is a novelty item, so quality of photo is for a pure fun factor and is poor in itself (I take one star off for that).-Price of the film is outrageous.-Size of the photos are about 2.5 inches by 3.5 inches, so smaller than our old polaroid photos.
Easy to assemble and fun for a 9 year old.
this is the best one in the world
Bought as a birthday present - fast delivery, daughter loves it
My daughter loved this camera, lots of fun. Good quality.
Love it!!
Girlfriend loves this camera.....i don't get it
Oh what fun we've had with this camera.  It's very retro and it takes some time to get used to the sun settings.  You will find yourself having to retake a few shots while you get used to the camera.  However, my daughter loves it!
Beautiful and fun...
works great and was delivered very quickly
LOVE THIS CAMERA! its a bit bigger than I anticipated but great to snap timeless memories! The pictures come out tiny but great quality!
Good for girls
Keep in mind the film is incredibly expensive!!!
use this remember good time
Love, love, love this little camera!!!  Great pics if you pay attention to the settings (for light), and so much fun!  We use this a lot to take pics of my 10 year old and her friends so they can all have a copy to remember.  The film is pricey (about $1 per pic), but totally worth it for certain occasions!
Bought this as a gift for boyfriends daughter. She LOVES it! I think it's a great little camera for what it's worth... Polaroids, fun but certainly not digital. They are just as I remember - sensitive to too much or not enough light - except these pics are extra small making it more challenging to get a great pic. Hey, if she likes it, I love it!
Bought this for my 11yr old for Christmas and I know it will be the highlight of her Christmas Day!!!
Awesome camera.
super cute!! Absolutely loved it, its so easy to use & pictures come out great!
Our 14yr. Old daughter loves it so much! When she opened the box the day she got it our 16yr. Old daughter begged for one as well! Thank you!!
Great product.  Received very fast.  Highly recommend!!
My kids love watching their pics come right out, works perfectly
Luv the camera
We love it. Our friends love it. We are going to use it at our holiday party and give pictures to everyone.
A gift for our grandchild
catchers Ozel crazy moments is that a phone just can't do
I use it all the time. Film is expensive but worth it
I loved it!!
I used this camera at my wedding for guest book photos with fun props. Huge hit. I ended up buying two more as thank you gifts!
My kids love it.
excellent service and product....in love with my new camera!!!!!!
Amazing product! I ordered this for a bridal shower so our guests can take pictures of themselves. It was easy to use and the quality was perfect! I find myself carrying it around with me in my purse now, so I can capture memories in less than 2 mins!
love it!
Fast delivery. Product was as stated
im so getting it and its my favorite color...PINK!!!  my brother has one and accept its black i took a picture of me and it looked great!!!
i purchased hello kitty Instax and pink Instax cameras.  Both work perfectly. One for me and one for my 9 year old daughter.  We both love the credit card sized film. She's learned to operate and load the film herself.
I've only had this camera once and the battery compartment has melted into itself. I keep this camera in the same area where all of my other camera's are, in a temperature controlled room in our house, and they are all fine. Very, very disappointed and wasted money!
AWWWWWWEEEEESOMEEEE
good
This is such a fun little camera. It takes a while to get a feel for the lighting options and distances. It is especially versatile if you buy the accessories (different lenses). The picture quality is pretty clear. The pictures are about the size of a credit card so you can do a lot with them. I love it!
Great product. Very happy.
Everything was done on time and with efficiency!
Such a fun camera!  The film is about the size of a credit card and develops within minutes.  No shaking of the film is required.  Great to bring sight seeing or to parties!
I wasn't happy with shipping, it was late and it sat in a carrier facility for 3 days. The person I talked to from customer service emailed me back right away and was very very nice. So thank you for that. I love the camera, I've already started using it and it takes awesome pictures. The film is great also. Anyone looking to get this camera should get it, I got it for my smash books and the pictures and the perfect size so I don't have to cut anymore. :)
Great!
;)
A fun toy
Soooo in love with this adorable camera. The sky blue is just the prettiest color and my camera just fits perfectly in my hand. The pictures are just what I expected from a Polaroid style camera. But that's what I wanted for my art journaling. They were very clear and looked high quality don't get me wrong. But are not going for that look. Then this isn't for you. Best purchase for me tho. I just wish the film wasn't so expensive
Its suuuuper cute and takes cute polaroid pic! The only downside is that it is kinda bulky compare to a camera and a bit of a pain to carry around sometimes if you perfer small purses and the film is costly but besides that its a great product! You could also do a lot of diy projects with the photos taken too. And if youre not using it, it could also be a really cute decorative piece!
This product was very satisfying. I bought it for my friend for her birthday along with a twin pack of film and she used it for her birthday photos. They make almost any event look great! I am contimplating buying myself one as well. Also, its a better and cheap alternative to buy it on amazon prime rather than other places like urban outfitters or something that sells the same product for 100$.
Cute. My daughter loves this camera and uses it a lot.  Usually have to buy the film online. Some stores have it, but film is a little tough to find locally.Takes credit card polaroid pictures.
Love this cam. It is fun and perfect for events; wedding, birthdays, tracking your child from baby to adult, etc. However, not something I would use daily. Film is costly and using my phone and regular camera is more convenient and practical. Love the size of the instant print. Very cute!
I used this camera for a guest photobook at wedding and it worked great! I now have a great collection of polaroids from wedding.
Don't expect studio quality photos with this camera, but if you're feeling nostalgic and want instant photos reminiscent of Polaroids, then this camera is great. The photos are pretty small, but great for wallets or to post around the house or in the car. Great instant camera for those on a budget.
Beautiful and perfect!
Fun to have around
This was a gift for someone else, so I have no opinion, except that I would not want one.
Good value.
Bought this as a gift. Shipping came very fast and my friend loved it!
it is a great little camera ,and its perfect for what i need to use it for.  many thanks  joseph falzon
Best deal ! Yellow gets dirty quick so if you're active it isn't really the best color.
Exelente
It's amazing! I love taking pictures with it. it's convenient and adorable. It fulfilled my expectations completely.
Love this item! Very fun product!
I love it! Came in 2 days! I thought it would take longer. So cute, love it. Exactly what I wanted. :) completely satisfied and super happy!
Supercute, the quality of the camera isn't HD T_T But i still LIKE IT ALOT!!!!!!
I looked everywhere for this camera but no one else had it. i can always count on Amazon. The camera works great and I love it.
It's a fun, cute camera to have at parties.  My teens and their friends love taking "selfies" with this camera.  It actually produces mini photographs (remember those?) that can be put into wallets,  on the walls, or tape onto to scrap books.
I love it!! it's so cute, fun, and easy to use. Definitely recommend it.
I ordered the camera for my niece's birthday.  The camera came in perfect condition and works great.  The baby blue color is beautiful.  My niece loves it.  Competitive price & fast shipping from PlusDigUSA.
I honestly miss old school cameras. There's something exhilarating about not knowing how a picture will turn out after you click a physical button and the room fills with a flash. The anticipation to see how your photo turned out reminds me of my childhood, running to the picture section of Costco and hoping my eyes weren't closed in the pictures.Great value compared to most places I shopped and the camera is definitely cool. Purchased the Instax as a gift for a friend and she loved it. The pink color looked great and the material is a nice matte finish and doesn't feel cheap. Picture size is that of a credit card making it convenient to hang up anywhere and a perfect size. A ton of people complimented the camera and the picture quality is pretty good with multiple photo settings. I recommend watching some youtube videos for some tips on how to take a great shot with this little guy.
I liked this product has quality. My espectation was good.
This camera besides being so cute in pink works really great good price and good pics.  I used it for my birthday at a restaurant and it looked great.  Definitely worth buying
settings for shooting in various lighting is not working.
My sensor part does not really work!!!
Good!
Cool, Camera ive personally enjoyed it so far.
It was a gift for my daughter, and she loved! She is having lots of fun taking pictures with her friends.
love it!
Absolutely love it !!!
This little camera takes great pictures.  My son asked me to buy this for him - I didn't know anyone still made these type cameras. It was great to have prints to share immediately.
I love the colors, convenience, & flexibility of prints. Great gift for my scrapbooking teens!
It was exactly what I was expecting! I'm soooo happy with it! It's a short range camera. You have to be somewhat close to the te object or person to get a decent picture. But I still love it and enjoy it! It's fun (:
Love it
Love it
good
I don't even know what to say... I love this camera, it's insanely durable (I've dropped it a few times) and get complimented constantly. I can't express how awesome of an investment this was.
Love it!! A little difficult with sun, but it's great.
Love this camera. Takes a while to learn what settings you should use in each lighting so I generally prefer taking pictures indoors. Very simple settings though. Not a very hard camera to learn. I was worried it would feel cheap, light, and like a toy, but it has a god weight/feeling in your hands. Photos print right away but it does not come with film. Film can get expensive but I just like to buy on Amazon and if you think about it, back then we did use to develop all our photos. You just have to be mindful of what you take pictures of. The size of the pictures are like business cards. I was hoping for bigger photos but I thought this was a better deal overall and actually now love how cute the size is. I recommend this for all ages. I got it in a nice classic black color.
Exactly as noted in ad.  Fast shipping too.
I initially thought of buying this for a SoMo concert that was coming up. On the day of the concert, I brought this with me and it took clear, memorable, and awesome (when timed correctly) pictures! This is probably one of the best investments I've had so far. Excluding the fact that the film cost a fortune, this is a really great camera!
Love the camera. Perfect for college students to decorate dorm or apartment!
Good and versatile camera but film is far too expensive!
I absolutely love this camera! The photos are adorable and make amazing gifts. You have to remember that this isn't a digital camera and not every photo will come out perfectly. Sometimes the photos come out dark or not quite as expected but I think it's part of the fun. Most of the photos come out clean and have an an Instagram 1977 filter type feel to them. The outer case is a durable plastic but it will get a little scuffy if you aren't very gentle with it. The device itself is extremely easy to use. However if you want someone else to take your photo warn them that the photo will come out on top. I had a few kind strangers in NYC take photos of me and friends and they were all extremely surprised! I originally bought this as a birthday present to myself so I could look cool at Bonnaroo and this lil fella did not disappoint. Everyone loved it and wanted to know how they could acquire one. I took shots of strangers and gave them away as presents or used them to barter. People absolutely loved them. If you want to make friends at a music festival one of these is a must. Overall I think this is a really cute product. You may think you're buying a camera but you're really purchasing a conversation starter, present maker, and way to make people smile.
Good
My granddaughter loves it!
Came in short amount of time, thank you!
I used this for a party and people absolutely loved it!!!
Got it for Christmas it what she whated
perfect gift
It's perfect! It had nothing wrong with it the package was fine and I LOVE IT with all my heart XD
My daughter loves it
LOVE
Fun change from your regular camera.  It uses smaller film, works well!
Pretty awesome !
LOVE the pictures
Works fine, no complaints here!
LOVE IT! I got a white one and my family members saw and 3 other people bought it! Came on time and it was brand new.
Good little camera.
It's cute and fun. My teenager love it!
Love it
Loooove it
My granddaughter loves this camera. She loves to take pictures of her horse Willy.
I love this product. It's fun & always a great thing to have. Polaroid is back!
Love this camera
GOOD CAMERA!!
Gave this a gift to a 13 year old and she takes it everywhere now.
arrived in a timely manner and as expected
Great camera, compact and does just what I had expected! Would also make a lovely gift for someone!
Absolutely adore this point-and-shoot camera :) simply click the button to open the lens, allow the camera to suggest a flash setting based on the room brightness, and take the picture. Pictures always turn out wonderful, but avoid taking snaps of bright objects or sunny areas. The flash cannot be turned off so these areas might come out washed out.
I have one in pink but sometimes when I take a picture it doesn't come out. Like it comes out blank . What do I do ?
LOVE this camera. It is so cute, and although it's quite expensive to keep taking instant photos with, they almost always turn out cute.
I love it so much
so cute! so tiny! so perfect!!!!
While I am still working on how to take my best pictures (with the settings) I love this camera.  My first picture was awful but it has gotten better and better since then.  Very unique and perfect size.  Yellow is also the greatest color, love the retro feel. I also love all the photo ideas that it sparks.  A great little birthday gift to myself.
Works perfectly; had no problems setting it up and I mean it's such a good and cute way to capture memories.. I LOVE IT!!
so cute ! I love it!
love the camera.
This was a gift for my sister and she loves it!
I loved it!!
Delivered quickly and works perfectly
Nice product, like the vintage quality of the photos. Just wish the film could be printed on larger paper, prints about the size of a business card.
I love this
Nice for kids
cant wait to use this for the wedding we are doing a photo guest book!
...i love my new camera!!!!!!!!X3 i take everywhere =D sometimes some pix don't come out like i want them to :/ but most all of them are pretty rad. I love my instax.X3✨  perfect gift for anybody.
really love it
Very fun
I love this camera so much! It was the best thing I ever bought on Amazon. I honestly take this everywhere with me! It was love at first sight.
Used for our wedding reception. Loved the ease of use and it takes good photos for an instant.
FOR THE PRICE I WAS EXPECTING SOMETHING A LOT NICER.  FEEL VERY CHEAPLY MADE. HOLLOW PLASTIC, FILM IS WAY TO EXPENSIVE. A DOLLAR EACH
Love it and fast shipping!
I LOVE THIS CAMERA
She begged, I folded.  She loved it and dropped it accidentally.  Lens cover and an internal part went flying.  Now DOA.  Heartbroken kid.  Not the camera's fault but shouldn't it be able to handle a simple fall?
Love this camera it's so much fun, I used it at my baby shower as guests walked in, they had their picture taken and put in a little scrap book where they wrote to my daughter. It's not going to take the most amazing pictures but it's super cool and easy to use, for things like that or just for fun. Kids especially love to play with it (It's pretty durable so don't be nervous about having a kid hold it), the film is a bit expensive but I think it's worth it :) everyone loves when I bring it to a party, I can easily take their picture and give it right to them. This camera honestly is more for fun than anything else really and it gets 5 stars from me for doing just that
Perfect amazing I love it
It's soo cute ♡ it's great ! Very happy
Cool little camera. Bought as a gift for my 13 year old daughter and she is thrilled with it.
This is so much fun at a party!
My brother love this camera, I gave to him in her birthday
Love it ! Fast shipping too!
I love it! The pictures are great. It took a few wasted pictures to get the settings right but once I did they've all come out great. It's also a great conversation piece. Everyone has something to say about it!
my girlfriend love it so much... nice look and easy to use. than yoy
My daughter loves this. Camera
Camera doesn't change modes. It's only stuck on one. Not satisfied with the fact that's how received it. Possibly defective
It's so cool!
It's great! Thank you (:
I used it for our wedding guest book. It was not a traditional reception so my sister took photos for the guest then they pasted them on a piece of card stock with their congratulations/words of wisdom.First of all it was super easy to use. Second, it took great photos, perfect size. It took me a long time to buy this camera because of the size of the photos, I thought the photos would be to small; I was wrong. The credit card size is perfect and adorable. Lastly, I had numerous guest ask to buy it after the party and/or where I got it and how much it is. I will not be selling it, I actually can't wait to take more photos with it!!
Small and easy to carry around. Takes lovely and clear photos. Prints are a bit expensive, but cheaper than Polaroid film, and if you buy it in bulk, you can save a lot of money. It's a really great camera. Only cons are are that you can't shut off the flash (i've had to cover it with dark tape sometimes) and the view-finder isn't centered with the lens. But other than that, i completely recommend if you want really adorable photos and love the versatility of having you pictures printed wherever you go!
I love this camera! It's the perfect size, takes really great pictures and is definitely worth the price.
This isn't a fancy technical camera but is great for taking photos at the spur of the moment. It's wonderful to have the picture developed on the spot instead of having them stored on your digital camera.
Oh god, I love this product. It's lightweight, resilient, takes AMAZING photographs and is just all around the best purchase I've made.
Nice, inexpensive instant camera. After using it for two packs of film I wish I had gone for the 210 wide version just for the larger prints. Kind of tricky using outside as exposure setting changes quickly with slightest movement of the camera. Inside, no problem. Flash fires all the time, would be nice to be able to disable if you wished to.
So much fun! Love my instax mini!
It's exactly what you'd hope for - It's simple, easy to use, and actually pretty cute. It takes a while to get used to the light settings (7/10 of your first photos may look over/under-exposed), and it's a little bulky, but overall a great product. I wish the film was less expensive!
I love it!
I bought this for my girlfriend as a gift and she loved it! Great for taking pictures of moments you'd like to keep in a scrap book or a wallet. Subtracted a star because the film can be pricey, around 70 cents - $1 per shot.
This was a complete was of money.  There is a reason that polorid cameras went out like a blink of an eye.  No matter what setting I used all the pictures were horrible.
I just got this camera in the mail, and I don't know if it's fake or not, but it doesn't say Fujifilm in the corner like the picture shows. The box is also different. It takes nice pictures inside, but I already blew through 3 packs of film trying to get a nice picture outside, and they all come out very over exposed. I'm going to try with the rest of my film to get it figured out, but very disappointed what I got is different from the picture. I have a feeling it will be returned.
Love this camera!!
It was fun once we fried out the exposure issues. We took it on a 16 day trip to across the country to Yellowstone. The girls, 4 and 8, lived capturing their adventures and seeing the results right away!
The camera itself is perfect and so cute although it has a fault. The veiw finder is not centered
LOVE IT!!!!
Incredible! VERY easy to use, and although most of the instructions are in Japanese, there are plenty of online tutorials showing you how to use it. Don't let the few poor reviews stop you from getting this camera. It is worth every penny!
What a fun camera! We are now back to Polaroids! Watching the picture come to life is fun. The small size (about the size of a credit card) makes it easy to bring on trips.
Exactly what I wanted
HORRIBLE waste of money.
Great little camera
exposure is bad. from going to just even a toy film camera to this...It's cute and I get my polaroids but if you shoot sunsets, the whites clip with a black dot on the picture! It just really doesn't expose itself well either for being film...But it's cute and does its job
Got it EXTREMELY fast! It's for a bridal shower, it's easy and fun to use. I just love it!
Awesome!! works perfectly!!
I bought this camera because I'm a scrap booking junkie. The camera works great and is fun to take pictures and watch them develop. Also, the photos are small and easily "smashed"!
i love it so much the picture is better when the background its darker as the flash works its magic..... ran out of film and it sucks.
Excellent!!!
Awesome
This item was horrible I should never bought this cheap I i bare used and it broke.
its my favorite cam!!!
Love this item. Fun
For fun it is great. And my daughter enjoys it very much.
Great camera for the price. Going to use it at our wedding recption. We'll have guests take photos and add into the guest book.
I recently purchased this camera for my daughter and it stopped working after about one month.  We loved it at first, but now it completely stopped working! It won't take pictures, it won't do anything.  We have changed the batteries, changed the film, etc. Nothing.  SOOO DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!  Now Amazon will not allow us to return it because the window for it to be returned was four days ago.  SO ANNOYING!
Excellent little camera! It's super cute, and super efficient! Better than what I expected!
My daughter love it ...
Love it!
So much fun to use!! Perfect for celebrations. Used it at our wedding and we love our photos:)
ExcelentThanks
Everything I expected and more, great gift
This is basically the most adorable camera on the planet. I'm a professional photographer, but I wanted to have this as just a fun thing to use at my Lolita meetups.Pros: This camera is adorable and easy to use. Because it is a new camera, the film is also much easier to find (and much cheaper) than traditional instant cameras (such as Polaroid). There are also a few different settings available, so you can theoretically use it in brighter or darker settings. It is also MUCH cheaper on Amazon than what it costs at Michael's or Walmart.Cons: The settings are not FULLY manual. You have the option of indoors, outside/cloudy, outside/kind of sunny, outside/very bright, and Hi-Key. The biggest con here is that I don't think the settings accurately reflect how they're supposed to be used. For example, on a pretty overcast day, I chose the "cloudy" setting, and the photo came out way over-exposed (as though it were much darker out and needed more flash). I'm still getting used to figuring out what constitutes as "cloudy", but I kind of like the over-exposed look, as it is more flattering on skin (blows out any imperfections), and gives you that old-school feel of a less-than-perfect camera. I'm still giving the camera five stars, because I would rather an image be over-exposed than under-exposed, and I have enough setting choices that I think I can figure it out eventually.Pro/Con: The camera, in my experience so far, seems to take the best photos indoors, which seems to be the opposite of most cameras (digital or film) out there. Just an interesting point to note.I think this camera is pretty awesome, and I may be buying more as Christmas presents this year. :)
This was a great camera for just the fun ability to print photos on spot! Although the instax mini does not take high quality pictures and will overexpose your photos at times, it is still really fun! To keep in mind when buying this camera: It is more a toy than a "photography camera". It feels plastic and fairly cheap (probably because it is) and if you drop it you may just no longer have an instant camera. But if you just want it for the fun of having a polaroid it suffices! I have had a lot of fun taking snapshots all summer, and it's a great this to have along for the ride, to capture moment, right in the moment. I have really enjoyed this.Also, do keep in mind that the film is about credit card size.
My daughter loved it. Thank you.
The pictures don't come out as great as I thought but it still does the job :) and it's cute
I love my camera, it is compact and take great pictures :)
Great camera! Super easy to navigate, great pictures!! Absolutely LOVE IT!
It's good, I like it.
Quite the hit at the wedding.  I wouldn't use it as an everyday camera because it can get expensive but it did what it wanted and pictures turned out well.
The product does not work.......
cute color and easy to use after you get used to the flash/environment settings.
This was the best idea for a teen party! They sure loved it and I do too.
My daughter just loved it..
Very fun and easy to use. Still getting used to the settings to use in different lighting. Also, the film count seems to be off frequently and I've prematurely exposed some film thinking my Instax was empty, or missed a shot thinking it still had film in it. Batteries are still kicking after about 200 pictures (it uses classic AA batteries).
I love the camara! It's cute and practical and takes much better pictures than you would expect but only if it's in the right conditions which I why I don't give it a full 5 stars. Overall, it's a very fun, artsy, and unique camara!
Takes me back to the old days! I recently moved out of state and my friends borrowed my camera and made a heartwarming album...Love it!
I love my camera everybody wants me to take their picture and it's very cute I love it a great buy
I love this camera, takes good quality pictures and fun
Great and a cool little camera
It's really worth your money. Just don't waste the film because that's what costs a lot. I guarantee you'll enjoy this camera!
Just what i was expecting.
OK camera films too high.
film is costly
This camera is great for my project life.
believe me, you need this in your life. has worked perfectly so far, has had it for over 6 months now and still hasn't had to change the battery. films are super cute and come out perfect every time
For a year now, I've been eyeing this camera ever since I saw youtubers showing it in their videos. I finally bought it and its definitely worth it! I love the colors it comes in and I got the yellow one! It's the perfect size to carry around while traveling and it's really fun to use just to take random pictures of friends and families (: does not come with film btw. People complain about the film price but its a Polaroid camera and buying film is part of the investment of having one. This camera if for the people who want to take photos for fun and not for business (;
I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee My new camera!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its greattttttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What can I say..........My grandaughter loves it.  Ordering from Amazon and I checked many places...they were the cheapest!
This straight up old school camera was a hit with my tween daughter and her friends.  It is available in a variety of colors, but strangely, did not even come with a basic case.  It takes decent enough pictures, but it is mostly for the instant gratification factor for a generation growing accustomed to just that.
The pictures are all dark
It's like way too cute!! I can't wait to use it:)
great product !! bought it as a gift .. received as descibed .. thank you
Love this.
I LOVE this camera it is perfect for taking cute little pictures. I have no complaints and I came just in time -Suzanne's daughter
The camera was amazing and I'm so happy with the results !! I really recommend this purchase and I promise I'm not lying.
Very happy w/ product
Love this camera. Feels great to hold. Really hard to see through the lens viewer but everyone talks about it when I use it and wants one ;)
I am not sure if it is the camera or the film, but the photos are AWFUL.  I took them in with the sun out, at sunset, with the flash and inside and  you cannot see anything.  Such a disappointment.
I purchased this camera for my daughter's 11th birthday and she absolutely loves it.  We were able to pop in the batteries and the film and start taking photos immediately.  She and her brother were amazed at the picture appearing "magically" on the film in just a couple of minutes.  The pictures are about the size of a business card and the quality is very good.  It's funny, but I think people look better in these photos ... 16 megapixels really doesn't do anyone any favors!I did purchase several packs of film and accessories to go with the camera including a clear hard plastic case that snaps around the camera with a neck strap, a snap-on lense with a little mirror on for selfies, a pack of decorative stickers to put on the camera body, and a photo album to hold the photos. It was such a hit that my son has asked for the same setup for his 9th birthday coming up in December.  I did caution my daughter to "conserve" the film.  Both kids take photos on their tablets and tend to take random multiple pics of all sorts of inanimate objects but she's been using her film wisely so far.  And speaking of film, the Fuji tends to be cheaper than the comparable Polariod film.  I averaged $.75/photo and I didn't see the Polaroid film on Amazon cheaper than $1/photo even when bundled.  We'll be giving the kids film as gifts for holidays going forward (Xmas stocking stuffers, Valentines, Easter, etc.).I highly recommend this camera.  Any adults who've seen it and our photos so far have been completely charmed!
My daughter loves her new camera! It takes nice little pictures.
I'M SO IN LOVE WITH THIS CAMERA! Fast delivery and very well packaged!!! Well trusted seller! A+++++ Thank you so much!!!
Super great, totally recommend if you're trying to look for a instant film camera. I love the quality!
Great product!
PERFECT
Love it. My daughter is having so much fun with it.
Great "Instant" camera, finally a replacement for the old Polaroid. Have tried the Impossible Project film in my old 600, but too many problems. This little guy performs beautifully, just have to be conscious of the settings, an instruction book would do wonders for this camera, hint Fuji? Only complaint is the photos are a tad small, but are excellent. They do sell a bigger version, but the camera is so big and unwieldy that you won' take it with you. This little guy is GREAT !
use it all the time. a fun camera to capture the moments!
Got this for my girlfriend because she really wanted it, I got her this and she got the film at walmart, and she absolutely loves this camera. I would reccomend this
LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera! I've only had it for seven hours, but I can already tell that I love it! Super cute and easy to use. I love the vintage look to the pictures. The one downside is that it can only hold 10 pictures at a time, and the film is kind of expensive. I wish I could afford to just snap away at every random thing I see, because it is SO much fun.
I love this camera
Works amazing!
Love this Camera, so cute!!! and Fast Shipping
My older kids love this, but I wish instead we got one that allowed you to preview the photo before wasting expensive film on bad photos. Of course, then it's not a true polaroid, which is what they were after. Oh well.
good
If your looking to take great photos this camera is for you . I have so much fun taking pictures. Its small so you can take it anywere.It took about 3 days to get to me . I really recomend
super fashion
Looks nice and works great. Bought it for a gift, they love it. The film that you need to buy to use it is kind of expensive, but it's not for daily use, just to capture a special moment, so it's doable.
Very good~!
great camara take good care of it it can get dirty easily
It was a great buy
Great price and super fast shipping
It was aweosme it works so we'll
Everything that was expected and more, great buy
Nice and simple to use. Can bring anywhere. Light and colorful!
Love it.
AmazingCame in two days with the free shipping!!!Everything about it was amazing only thing that sucked is that it doesn't come with the film. Other than that I highly recommend it!!!
I love my instax mini 8
Great!
Fun instant camera ... price was  amazing  on other website price was a lot higher. Arrived faster than predicted in perfect condition works and I love it. Thank you
I love it. I take pictures in every moment that I want to keep and remember. The film is pricey but worth every penny. I would recommend it to anyone.
Takes great pictures when it is cloudy. Even when set on sunny the sky can become white.
Before it arrived, I thought, With advances in photographic technology, the pictures from this device must be extraordinary, if small.  The pictures are as instant pictures always have been, only smaller: a disappointment.  The camera comes in a cute little box but is too large and bulky and just oddly dimensioned to be very cute itself.  It does not fit the hand(s) well.  If you thought of buying this camera as a gift for a child, you would do better to find a better instrument (in terms of what it can do).  This camera will not of itself open vast worlds of creative exploration, as the right camera can.  I had thought it would function like the Kodak Brownies of old, bringing high-quality photography within the reach of just about anyone, but it does not.
love it!
Great product and transaction.
LOVE IT!!!!!
Was fast and exactly what I ordered
good
I bought this camera as a gift for my cousin's 21st birthday. She's only used it three times and it broke. No matter what AA battery she uses, there is always a red flashing light on the light adjustments and a red light at the view finder. She's even looked at the manual and changed the battery accordingly (change the battery while the camera is still on, and leave it so the flash could charge). It's been over a few days and it's still flashing. This camera is cute and simple to use, but it doesn't seem to be as stable as I had hoped it would be, since so many people has bought and raved about this device.
Amazing cam and always complimented on the photos!
I love this camera it's co cute/kawaii I love how it looks on my desk and I love the small pictures it takes I colors are all cute and the picture quality it's really great. I haven't used it as much as I thought I would but still enjoy it a lot
Awesome ty
Clear picture.  Films are cheaper than old polariod cameras.  Only problem is that view finder doesn't match what you need to capture.  You have to guesstimate and hope it turns out good but it's good for selfies, even though I'm not all caught up with the whole selfie thing.  I believe an awesome photographer won't sink to that level .  The other problem is when you set it to the right environment light  for oustide, the background is completely black.  So just leave it for indoor setting.  I wished I had purchased the black edition instead of the whiet because there's more visible dirt.  Either than that the camera is pretty awesome to take that old school polariod shots.
Loved it! totally worth it! :)
Everiting good
Do not buy this product. You can not find film! :(
This camera is absolutely adorable! Polaroids are really making a come back! This camera is portable, easy to use, and a pretty great price compared to the prices it's sold at in stores! Highly recommend, love this camera :)
Love it~!! it was perfect
cute camera, sturdy build and everything. if only the film wasn't so expensive! however, you really need to learn how to use this camera with the whole lighting exposure settings. some of the first few pictures i took ended up way too dark or too light, even though i followed the light indicator. all in all, a great purchase, and would make an amazing gift.
It is so awsome I got it for my 12th b-day do cool your daughter or son will like this if they're into photographing Great price to iwent to Michael's craft store and it was 119.99
Perfect! Very satisfied!
So beatfull
I use this camera to take pics every few weeks in order to keep monthly journal/scrapbook for each of my kids. Makes it so convenient in a time where we have so many digital photos that we tend to store and not print out! Love this camera! A classic with a modern look!
Really fast shipping!!! I totally adore this camera. However, it doesn't come with close up len which is for taking selfie.  It doesn't matter that much though.  The camera is really light and easy to use. I am going to bring this mini 8 to my boyfriend's house during this Christmas and create some special memories with him. Can't wait !!!! Love Fuji insta mini 8 !!
My family loves it!!
The camera was for my 12 year old daughter..it's super cute! But unfortunately, the quality was poor. She was only able to get about 6 pictures out of it before it started malfunctioning! We're going to try and fix it, but I have a feeling it will be returned.
Just like the old Polaroid except the mini version. Pictures  are the fun size, Easy to operate, but not as compact as I would have liked.
This is such a fun little camera! I love the blue color, it is so pretty. Picture quality is decent;  for the price and for all of the things you can use the pictures for, it is a fun camera to have. I use the photos in my project life albums, in my planner, and hanging up in my craft room from a long piece of twine (with cute clips!)
Really cute pictures, easy to use, a bit hard to take pictures of yourself with, but otherwise a great camera!
Great and fun camera! Used it to capture 'vintage looking' moments leading up to our wedding!
Nice exactly as shown in picture
I used this as a guest book at my wedding and it was perfect. Great price, great pictures, and just fun to have.
My only problem is that it doesn't have an option with NO flash. But overall its a great instant camera.
The camera works really well except the only annoying thing about it is that yes it does come with the batteries for t but not with film and the film is the quite expensive part.
Very good. Thanks!
Purchased as a birthday gift for my 16 year old granddaughter. She loves it and went through 5 packages of film very quickly. Thankfully, she has slowed down a little! Her friends love the pictures and the quality is very good for a small instant camera. It definitely beats the quality that I remember from the old Polaroid cameras of 20 years ago and how you had to swipe them with a pink thing to protect the image. These pictures are very nice, a little small, but just the right size for her generation.You can also purchase the film with different borders and she loves that aspect of the camera. The pink color is perfect for her, it's small enough to carry in a purse or backpack and takes a lot of abuse without having. I was skeptical at first but her and her friends love it and several of them have even purchased one. A great buy - papa did good!
Very retro!
I used up about 7 shots until I got the hang of it w/ the lighting I was using indoors, because the initial photos were too dark or had unacceptable glare. But there is a separate instruction sheet regarding the use of a feature inexplicably called "Hi-Key." This is the key to good indoor shots! First you let the camera settle on its automatic lighting setting, & then you move the lens to the "Hi-Key" position (not the "indoor" position). This lightens up the indoor shots. Once I figured that out, all went well. I used it to take photos at a special event for a non-profit organization, & asked for donations. I had a large '59 Pink Cadillac standee that people stood behind while I snapped a photo with the Fuji. Worked very well. young kids especially liked the "magic" of the photo developing before their eyes!
Best contraption EVER! We bought this to use at our wedding for a sign in book and the pictures are so cool. They obviously look older and not anywhere near high end photography but that is what we are going for. Super light and durable.
Great camera!
Happy with the Product but disappointed it didn't come with film. The Film doesn't seem easy to find either. Havent gotten the film yet therefore haven't been able to use the Camera yet.
Great fun for our daughter! Works well, easy to use.
It doesn't tell me what setting to put on, even outside it just stays on indoor and it's been doing that since I got it so it's not broken. I'm gonna return it bc I wasted so much film trying to see what was wrong with it
My daughter loves this thing. Film is expensive but you can save money buying in bulk.
Im in love with this camera!
Its a pretty cool camera, my daughter loves it, it was a gift for her birthday, thanks.
Perfect camera for a teenager! We got this for our niece and she has not stopped taking pictures. Her creativity has been sparked. Easy to use but obviously has some photographic limitations.  Film can get pricey.
